Okay, chat option is disabled, so people are saying in a group… is it… it's not disabled.
Uh, let me check…
Okay, yeah, yeah, so it is. I'm just changing the settings, so don't worry.
Uh, attendees can chat with everyone. Yeah, so now it's enabled. Now you can chat.
It's enabled.
Okay, fine guys, so, uh, welcome to class. We are going to start in some time, so it's a first class, so we are not going to talk about anything technical in today's class, so basically, we are going to… talk about, uh, overall structure of the classes, what we are going to do, plus your own ecosystem, and many more things, and then…
Uh, after this discussion, so I'm going to unmute you. And, uh, where you will be able to ask any kind of a question, and this is the pattern that we are going to follow in each and every classes.
Yeah? So just wait for a couple of more minutes so that all of us can join, and then, uh… I'm going to start my today's lecture, and uh… let me make it live on YouTube as well. Just today's lecture, not from tomorrow, so…
Let me go live on YouTube. It's been, like, many, many months since… I have not done any live on YouTube, so I think I should do it.
General AI Bootcamp, live… Okay. So, go live.
Yeah, so we are even live, um, on YouTube, just for, like, today's class, so… As it's an induction monsoon.
Not fun to model.
Okay, so self-estart, guys. Everyone, yeah, good morning, good morning, Aman Bahava, Mustafa, Amr Indra.
Then we have RCs, we have Vedant, and I believe you all are able to see everyone's message. Uh, so even I can see your message, and I believe message is visible between each and every one. Chad is visible, right?
And, uh, yeah, so you must be having a raise hand option as well, so we are going to use that option after this live discussion. So, we are… You can raise your hand one by one, I'm going to unmute you, and then you will be able to ask any kind of a question that you have, or whatever question, whatever discussion that you would like to do.
Whatever number of times you would like to do a discussion, we can do it.
Uh, easily. And, uh, you will be having a screen sharing option as well. And, uh, I have an option from my side, so where I can even take control of your screen, and if I have to do anything in your screen.
I can do it. So, Zoom provides you all kind of a facilities, so… Where we can try to conduct these entire classes in a very, very interactive manner.
Okay, so Arif, good morning. Sarek, Abhisheikh, Melind, everyone. Good morning, good morning, everyone. Good morning, and welcome to lecture.
Okay, so you start guys, please say yes in a chat, so that we can start.
So today, it's going to… okay, yes, people are saying yes.
Okay, thanks. So, let's get started. Okay, people who have joined on YouTube, so good morning.
Uh… would it be on YouTube? No, not at all. So it's not going to be on YouTube. Basically, just, like, I have made it live for today, not from tomorrow.
Yep. Okay, everyone, uh, so…
Let me share my screen.
Hmm, I believe my screen is visible now to all of you.
So we are ready to start another existing batch, uh, yes?
Obviously. Okay, so first of all, welcome to Elon, guys, and those who are not aware about me, so my name is Sudhansha Kumar. I'm going to be your instructor, I'm going to be your mentor. Now, uh, let me talk about myself a little bit. Those who are not aware about me, for them, obviously, I should introduce myself.
So, in total, I'm having 11 years of, uh, 1-1. So, 11 year of, uh, industry experience. So, out of that 11 year, uh, 7 to 8 year in teaching, and approximately 5 to 6 years, I can say, as an entrepreneur.
And then before that, so I have started my career with BipRo, and then Deloitte, and then Verizon, and then Ernest & Young, ENY. So that's my career, and since the beginning of my career, so I have been working into multiple technologies, so I have started my career as a Java developer.
And, uh, I was writing a lot of code, and I was doing a lot of things with respect to SAP, so… there are multiple models in SAP.
So I was working with that, and then eventually I get into a big data. So, again, where I have used multiple things. Back then, I would say, like, a 7-8 year back, so when, uh, big data or data science was, uh, not as popular as today, so at that point of a time, it was very, very new.
For all of us, and uh, yeah, so since then, I've started teaching big data and then data science.
And then eventually the entire data industry. And obviously, now, it's an age of generative AI, so we are talking about a generative.
Ai. Now, in between, so I have founded a company, so there was a company called as Iron, which has been acquired by Fijixwala, and then, so, almost like an 8-month back.
So we have started year-round, uh, with the mentality of creating the entire ecosystem. So, where people will be able to get each and everything in one single place. That was the whole idea.
Behind creating a Euron ecosystem. So. Again, why I'm talking about the ecosystem, or what is the meaning of it? We'll try to discuss all of these things in a step-by-step manner as we are going to progress.
Uh, in today's class, so obviously I'll not be talking about anything technical, so that technical things we are going to start from tomorrow.
Uh, same time, obviously, so… Today, I'm going to talk about just a Euron ecosystem, because in a Euron ecosystem.
It's not just our courses. And, uh, obviously, uh, you are going to, like, need multiple things, not just one thing, which is eventually a course.
Courses are definitely, like, will be there, and this is what we are going to discuss.
But along with the courses, you need so, so, so, so many different, different kind of things as well. And that is something.
That we have made available inside a Euron ecosystem. The major thing for this particular badge, if I'll talk about a generative AI badge, just a generative AI badge, right? Let's not talk about any other batches, but let's talk about just a generative AI badge.
So, in case of generative AI. It's impossible. I'm not saying that it's difficult, I'm saying that it's practically impossible.
To build or to develop anything without access, without having an access of any kind of LLMs. When I say LLMs, large language model. Those who don't understand, it's completely fine. Anyhow, I'm going to give a class on that, a lot of classes.
But yeah, so generative AI is not possible at all. Without having an access of an API, or you can say a large language model. Yes, there are a lot of models which is open sourced.
Uh, you can try to download those models, you can try to do an inferencing of those models in your local system.
But, uh, again, when you go and when you build an application, a real-time application, so at that point of a time, again, something in your local is not going to work, and if you're going to host it on a cloud platform, so obviously it is going to give you a lot of cost.
Now, keeping that in our mind, so this is where this entire Yuri API, which I'll discuss, right? Which I'll discuss, comes into a picture, and what do this Yuri API, how we are going to use it, what and all model I will be able to access, each and everything, we will try to explore, but yes.
This is where this ecosystem comes into a picture, and along with this, we have so many different, different things as well. So… One by one, I'll try to start.
But, uh… I believe I'm done with my introduction, so if you have any kind of a question for me, just with respect to introduction, so please try to put up inside the chat.
Yeah? Clear guys, everyone, with my intro.
So, bring this goes on how things work. Okay, everything will come, don't worry, yeah?
Okay, so I'm done with my introduction, so now let's get started with this live batch. So what is going to happen in this live batch, how we are going to conduct it? Many of us are already aware about it, but yes, I believe, as an induction session, so we should also talk about this one.
Now, okay, people are saying, please go ahead, fine. So, guys, uh, once you will come inside a Euron platform, uron.1, you will be able to see a live batch section over here, right? A very, like, a second option after home.
Now, once you will come over here, so here you will be able to find out all the live badges. Now, here you can see only two.
But it's not like there are only two live batches. We have already conducted, I think, more than 14, 15 live batches.
So, all those live badges are also available. The previous one, uh, so if someone would like to go ahead with those live batches, they can easily go ahead with those live batches as well. And many people are already, like, going through it.
Now, here, so you will be able to see a generative AI certification, uh, bootcamp.
This is your batch, by the way, yep? So this is your batch, this is your current batch.
Now, so if you will go inside this one, so this is the start date. Technically, which is today, and we have already started. So, 2nd of August, so this is today.
And the best timing is going to be 9 AM ISD to 1PM ISD. So, I have divided this entire batch timing in 2 plus 2 hours, so we're 2 hour.
In an uninterrupted manner, I'm going to take my classes, I'm going to deliver my session, so whatever I have to discuss, so I'm going to talk about each and everything.
Yep, each and everything means literally each and everything I'm going to discuss, I'm going to talk about.
And then, uh, in the next 2 hours. We are going to take our doubts. Doubts means whatever doubt, because see, whenever we are going to do a practical, right.
So many of you will face a problem with respect to our system, with respect to our configuration, with respect to installation, maybe there will be a bug inside our code, and this is pretty much normal. It's very much normal, right? So in every classes, you are going to face some of the issue.
Some of the issue with respect to a system installation, code, bugs, and all those things, and this is where this two-hour doubt clearing session comes into a picture. So generally, in between a class, I take a doubts from a chat.
That's the reason, so we have a chat window, right? And after this class, so, uh, just after this 2 hour of this class, so, yes, window will be open, you can raise your hand.
So, MEKB, one by one, one by one, so we are going to, you know, uh, take our doubts for everyone. And you will be able to share your screen. Obviously, you will be able to unmute yourself, uh, so not just chat, so chat will be active during a session. So, during our first two hours.
And then, next to ours, everything will be open for all of us, and we will be able to discuss. And again, if anyone is having, like, doubts or anything that they have to discuss with respect to a career.
With respect to their resume, with respect to anything, anything is anything. I'm open for anything, I don't have any kind of an issue.
Uh, with respect to, you know, uh, discussion. So, I'm not limiting it just with respect to, uh, technical doubts, or just with respect to a system issue.
You can ask whatever comes in your mind, and I'm here to give you the answer.
That's, uh, one part. On Saturday and Sunday. So, during our live classes.
Now, during, um, like, a live classes, that's completely fine. We will be able to clarify the doubts. Now, what about Monday to Friday?
Or even on Saturday, Sunday, what about after a class or before a classes?
Keeping that in our mind, so we have a WhatsApp group, and I believe, and I'm assuming, and I can see now, right? I can see now.
That I believe all of you are a part of a WhatsApp group.
So we have already created a WhatsApp group, and if you will go… those who are not aware about it, so just click on this Continue Learning, and here, in our very first class, this induction class itself, you will be able to find out our resources. I believe my pen is visible and my marking is visible.
To all of you. So, here, you will be able to see a WhatsApp group link. This is a link for your batch. In every batches, we are providing a different, different WhatsApp group link.
So that you will be connected, not just for today or tomorrow, but for a very, very long time, for years and years, uh, with your batchmates, where you will be able to share your thoughts, you will be able to share your findings, you will be able to discuss about any kind of doubts.
And eventually, I have seen that, right? Because I'm doing it since a very, very long time, almost like a more than 7 to 8 year now.
Right? So I've seen that, that eventually people helps each other a lot, in terms of getting an opportunity, and not just first one.
Now, I have some of the groups, so where people are, like, uh, people exist since last 7 to 8 years.
And they have helped each other in 2, 3, 4, 5 transitions as well.
Right? Because, like, everywhere, everyone is working, and at some point of a time, every one of you will be a working professional.
So, everyone is trying to help each other, and this is where this WhatsApp group that we have created comes into a picture, and I believe.
Whatsapp is very much handy for all of us. See, I could have created a group on a Telegram, or maybe on a… The slack somewhere, or maybe on a Discord, and many people keep on giving me a suggestion that, let's try to create things there or here, but I believe nothing is more handy than WhatsApp. Even for me, and even for you, for all of us, right?
100% people are on WhatsApp. It doesn't matter… yes, we are, like, we do exist on other platforms as well, but yes, what I believe is, like.
100% people are on WhatsApp. So that's the region, so inside this resource group, you will be able to see a WhatsApp link. Click.
Go and join. Uh, don't try to discuss anything which is not suitable or which is not proper.
Inside a WhatsApp group, it's an open group, we are not limiting and we are not restricting you, but, but… Uh, we do take a very, very hard action.
Uh, when someone tried to misuse a platform, or when someone tried to misuse any kind of resources that we are providing.
And without any, like, warning, and without asking you anything. Because we know, we know, like, uh, there will be some people, uh, who will try to do some sort of a misadventure. We are living in that kind of world, right? So… Uh, and we don't accommodate those things. So that it should not disturb any one of us in any sense.
So we do take those actions as well. So whenever you are trying to do any kind of activity, we are assuming that you are going to.
Do those activities. Uh, by keeping these things in our mind. This is… this is my assumption, but yeah. So, me, my team do take those actions as well.
Uh, so that, you know, in a peaceful manner, so we'll be able to, like, you know, conduct, and we will be able to help you each, uh, help you, and you guys will be able to help each other. That's the reason, so we have those, uh, like.
Things. Now. Coming to the next part. So, class timing is fine, right? Batches is fine. Now, you will be able to, like, see this entire thing, even inside an app. So, we have an Android app, and we have an iOS app.
So, uh, those who have not downloaded Android and iOS apps, so if you will go down, right, if you will go here.
You will be able to see, uh, App Store link and a Play Store link, so you can download it. Now, in the Android app, you will be able to find out even an option to download an in-app video.
Means. So, let's suppose someone is traveling, right? Maybe someone is in a flight, or maybe someone is traveling in a no-network zone, and if you would like to watch a video, so that is possible inside an app, in an offline marin as well, so you can download it, just like any other Netflix or a major or any other application is providing you in-app download.
So in the sublur manner, you will be able to see that feature in a mobile device. So, that feature is also available, and yeah, so you can download it inside a tablet, as well as you will be able to download it inside a iPad.
So all those options are already available, so you can go and you can try to check that out.
Uh, so… how can GenAI help in a testing profile and learning these courses? Guptaji will come to this point, yeah? So, Nurmari.
Will open up a live discussion, so there, let's talk about it, yeah? So, let me talk about this entire induction, first of all.
And then, uh, I'll be open for all the questions. Whatever question, whatever comes in your mind, right? Just ask it.
I don't have any kind of issue with any questions. I never hesitate to answer any questions.
Yep. Fine, everyone, shall we move ahead?
Hope, uh, this class is not boring for any all of you.
So far, yeah, Amrinda is saying yes, Pius, Prattius, I enjoyed the Kunal logehay.
Can you teach end-to-end project? I'm coming to that point, Navneet, coming to that point, yeah?
Uh, coming to that one. And don't worry, classes are not going to be boring, I'm not that kind of a mentor.
So, you will enjoy it, yeah? Yeah, my lectures are lengthy, so sometimes I used to take a lecture for 3-4 hour, uh, as well, continuously, just a lecture.
Uh, but, uh, again, you will not feel bored, don't worry, yeah? That has never happened in the last 7 to 8 years of my teaching career, at least.
So, I don't know Python. We'll come to that point. Yeah. Agenti also covered, it's… like, we have mentioned everything with respect to agency AI.
Good to see you after a long time, thank you, like, industrial project. We'll come to that point, uh, project path, Navneeth.
I know you since I long, always enjoy, thank you. Please tell me how to deploy ML model on Streamlit or Hugging Face.
Everything is already mentioned, everything is already mentioned. Are there any fast track of the previous batches? Yeah, those batches are already available, Javith, so… on a plate form.
Fine, 2-hour plus 1 hour question, 2 hour plus 2 hour.
I'm not, like, uh, answering all of your questions, I'll be here. Simple.
Okay, so… this is about the class timing, guys, right? How long this batch is going to run?
So, I have created a very, very long syllabus, so I'm assuming that, uh.
This will go for 4 to 5 months, 3 to 4 months is mentioned over here, but tentatively, it is going to take 4 to 5 months of time, uh, so… Accordingly, you can try to estimate, and that includes a project that includes a resume discussion, that includes everything, right? Everything that I have mentioned inside this entire thing. Now.
So let's talk about this particular section, guys, because many people must be having a lot of concern, confusion with respect to this part.
Yeah? And I'll come to your question, guys. I know you have a question, a lot of questions, so don't worry. We'll talk about it, yeah? So you can unmute yourself, and then you can ask. I think that'll be very much interactive.
But, uh, first I'm going to finish my lecture. And very soon, you will get used to it.
I don't do hunt together student-teacher, thank you. Okay. So here, uh, what you will get wise, uh, basically, uh, live class conducted over a Zoom.
I think it's happening now. We are on Zoom, right? We are connected. Two-way communication during a live session. I have already mentioned about it. Screen sharing, live dial clearing, already mentioned.
Certificate the completion upon finishing up. So, yeah, certificate is even open now, uh, and we are leaving up to you. You can download it.
Access to an exclusive WhatsApp group, uh, it's already there. You guys are the part of it. If not, click, and then you can join.
Access to Yuri AI app, including a 12-plus model. So when I have launched this batch, at that point over time, it was 12+, now it's become 25+. So now it's not 12, it's a 25.
The Zoom AI, I'll be talking about it. Your own job portal, I'll be talking about it. Uh, Python-based module for known coder, and then, like, a career-ready project portfolio, and then one-year access recording of all the live classes.
So let's talk about it, uh, one by one. So let's suppose, guys, let's imagine that you are not able to join a live class, right? Maybe this class you are not able to join.
And maybe because of any reason, you are traveling, or maybe you are not able to wake up on time, because we have a people who is… who are joining this class from a different, different continent.
Right? So their time zone is different, our time zone is completely different. I'm going to conduct these classes in an IST time zone.
And, uh, basically, if someone is joining from some other time zone. So, here.
We are going to upload a. A recording of this live classes. So, if you will click on corner, or when you have joined these live classes, you must have heard the voice.
That we are recording this one. So this entire class has been recorded, right? So, we are recording this entire session.
And, uh, yeah, so we are going to upload a recording when.
In next 2-3 hours, after finishing our live classes, because we are recording this Zoom, and those who are aware about our Zoom.
It takes 2-3 hours of time for 3-4 hour long video, yeah? It takes 2-3 hour of time to convert it into a MP4 format.
So, after 2-3 hour, we are going to upload this video, not immediately. Immediately is not possible, because Zoom itself takes that much of time to convert your, like, a video to a MP4 format. Mp4 is nothing but the video format that you all will be able to play.
So, in, like, a 2-3 hour. It will be available, and where it will be available? Here, inside your dashboard, yeah? Along with the resources. So, whatever resources, whatever code, whatever class material that we are going to discuss. So, along with that, it will be available here.
Right? Here, so we are going to create a new section over here with a name of the discussion that we have done on that particular day, and it will be available inside your dashboard.
So that, at any point of a time, you can go and then you can try to watch it, and inside an app, you can download it as well.
So, you will be able to download all of these videos inside an app, only inside an app.
So, that feature is available just inside an app, uh, not inside a biv at all.
Yep, so… live class. So this is all about, like, uh, recording?
Basically. Now…
Coming to, uh, your own ecosystem, yeah? Coming to a Euron ecosystem. So you will be able to see, uh, not just one, uh, option, you will be able to see a multiple option over here.
And this is where this Iran ecosystem comes into a picture. Like I said, guys, that when we are trying to learn something, right, something new, something old.
So, it's not just one thing which matters for us, it's so many things which matters for all of us.
Uh, we are trying to learn AI, right? And we all are in an age of AI, where we are using a chat GPT or Gemini, or maybe a CloudA, maybe a Popexity kind of a system, day in, day out.
Uh, recently, Poor facility have, uh, like, made an announcement that, you know, India, for all the Airtel user.
It's completely free. How long? We don't know, right? At least for one year, it's completely free.
But, uh, here, inside a uron, we have our own URI.
Right? So, if you are going to click on Yuri. So we are not giving you just an access of a chat GPT, that access is already available to you.
Yes, that access is already available to you. You will be able to get an access of a Llama, you will be able to get an access of DeepSeek, Gemini, and seamlessly, you can try to chat. You can say that, that, give me.
Uh, 10 code. For Python for loop, right? And you will be able to get an answer, and this is accessible, and this is available to you for an entire year. And this entire.
Yuri that I'm talking about, it's as good. Because, see, model-wise, you just need a model access, right?
So, uh, there is no comparison. I would say it's as good as any system that you are going to use out there. Very simple.
Right? Very simple, because it's not something that we are using where we have created the model. It's all the branded one that you are using, or maybe you are paying for it. So all of these things are available over here, and seamlessly, you will be able to use it. If I'll talk about a code. So, we have an option, so where, see, this run option. So, you can try to even run it, you can try to even execute those code over here.
Even for HTML, CSSC, it is able to execute, right? Then and there, in a chat itself, you will be able to execute, right? All this option that you will be able to find out in any platform.
And he means literally any platform, in a free version, in a paid version, right? Everything is available to you for an entire year.
You can even do a real-time search. See, we have a web search option, so if I'm going to select this option, I can simply ask.
That what is a, uh, like, a temperature in. Temperature in Bangalore. I'm from Bangalore, right? I'm staying in Bangalore, by the way. Uh, India, Bangalore.
So I can simply ask that, what is the temperature in Bangalore? And just, I have selected a web search, a real-time web search. So, it is, like, searching all this website, 9 websites, and based on that, it is going to give me the real-time answer, right? So, it is going through. I can ask about the news, or anything in real, I can just try to ask about, and it will be able to give me the answer.
I can upload any kind of a document, and I can just ask that, okay, fine, summarize it, or maybe try to give me something about it, or maybe explain it to me.
Yes? Like I said. Doesn't matter which chat platform or which AI platform you have been using so far, so forth.
Uh, if you are going to use Yuri, it's as good as any platform out there. It's very simple.
Right? You will not be able to, like, differentiate that, okay, fine, so this is good or that is bad. No, not at all.
If those platforms are good, even this is equally good. And you will be able to get a multi-model access. So, for example, ChatGPT, right? They're going to give you all the model access from a GPD itself. But here, you have a Llama, you have a DeepSeek, you have a Gemini.
Right? You have a Gemini, and we keep on updating it, we keep on, like, adding more and more models, select the model, and start chatting, right? Start chatting, as simple as that. I can… even download my chat. I will be able to… so for example, this one, right.
I can just click copy link, and then I will be able to share with everyone. So let's suppose I have done some sort of a research, right? So I can simply, like, click over here, I will be able to share, I will be able to download this entire thing as a.
Pdf, I can copy it. So, everything is available. I can even generate an image, right? So if I'm going to ask that, give me a image of… Uh… Newton, with rows in hand. So, it will be able to generate an image, yeah? It will be able to generate a beautiful image. You can even try to give more and more description, and to generate the thumbnail, and whatever you want, right? You can just do it.
So, like I said, it's as good as any system that you are going to use out there, and it is going to work seamlessly 24 by 7.
In that way. And, uh, again, so you will be able to use it as long as you have a course access, or as long as you have Euron Plus access.
Any limit on the number of image generation? See, we have given you a… Okay, so maybe it is not able to understand while generating the image?
So, basically, it is as good as our… we have given you the enough limit, yeah? We have given you the enough limit, so you will be able to, like, uh, generate it. As simple as that.
So this is, uh, Yuri. No. So, Yuri is basically a chat system, and you can try to use it, right?
Now, Yuri is basically aggregated, or has your own integrated. So, Yuri is basically an aggregator, we have not done any kind of a tweaking. We have basically aggregated platform in such a way that you will be able to access any.
International… a world-class model out there. Simple. That's the reason we are saying it's as good as any other system that you will go and use it.
Right? So basically, it's an aggregator where we are using some of the proprietary model and some of the open source model as well.
And again, at the end of the day, uh, for my student, for my users, so basically, it should solve the problem.
Right? It should solve the AI problem, and again, we all are using day-in, day-out AI. So, this is where this Yuri comes into a picture.
Now, so I believe Yuri is good, and I believe we all are aware about ChatGPT, so this will not take much time to digest, basically, yeah? And it's an aggregation, so we have not done any kind of a tweaking. So, the way you are using any other platform out there, in the exact similar manner, you will be able to use Yuri.
Yep. Now, coming to the second part. So, Yuri is a chat system, then there will be, uh, there is a system called as API. Now.
Uh, come to the syllabus. Those who have not looked into a syllabus, just go through a syllabus once.
And, uh, again, you can maybe go and ask your friends and colleague about this frameworks that has been mentioned. So, basically, land chain, land graph, Llama indexes, NHN, or maybe, uh, AutoGen Crew AI, right?
Any of these framework, right, any means literally any of this framework that we are going to use.
To build an agent. A lot of agents we are going to build, right? A lot of agent-type things we are going to discuss, a lot of fine-tuning we are going to discuss over here.
And a lot of tool concept, lot of memory concept, all of these things we are going to discuss.
Now, any of… any milk, literally any of these things, you will not be able to learn.
If you don't have an access of a LLM, a large language model, technically a GPT, Llama, or deep-sea kind of a Maverick kind of a model.
Right? You have to consume an API. Right? You have to look for the API. Now, some people will go to OpenAI, some people will go to Grook, some people will go somewhere else.
And then they will obviously try to get those APIs, and again, so every platform is going to give you an API with a limitation. After that limitation. So, obviously, you have to go and pay.
Right? You have to go and pay for it. And again, so API-wise, you will not be able to… so those who don't understand API, don't worry, I'll try to explain you those part as well, a technical part of it, how to use it, and what is the API, how does it work. Everything will be explained by me.
I'm just trying to give you an overview as of now. This is your day zero, and technically I'm taking an induction, yeah?
So, any means, literally any system in this entire world, which has been used to build an agent, you will not be able to use it, or whatever things which I have mentioned as a syllabus, if you don't have an API access. And yes, it's not like I'm just providing an API access.
There are tons of other vendors, there are tons of other organizations who is providing you API access, but again, as a student, you have to go there, and then you have to basically, like, pay for it once you're.
Tier will be over. Right? Now, this is where this Yuri API ecosystem comes into a picture.
Where we are giving you a daily 1 lakh token limit. And let's suppose you have an access of 1 year, right? So, technically, it's a 365.
Token limit that I'm talking about. 365 lakh token limit per day, 1 lakh token limit.
We have built this entire system in such a way that you will be able to keep track of each and everything. Literally each and everything, right? Model status, overview, daily conjunction, token limit.
And the interesting part is that, that. We are not just providing one single model access. It's a 25, and that from almost all the vendors. So whether it's a chat GPT, which is OpenAI, right? You have GPT 4.1 Nano, GPT 4.1 Mini, text embedding, and that too, with one single API key, you will be able to access all those 25.
Right? Again, those who don't understand API. Um, it's fine.
It's my responsibility to make you explain, it's my responsibility to show you that how to use it, right?
But what I'm trying to say, that you need it. Without that, no one can learn generative AI.
No one means literally no one, and no one can build even a single agent, no one will be able to build even a single tool, no one will be able to learn even a single.
Framework, I would say, like a Langchain Lama Index, NHN, or any such things, basically.
Without LLM access, right? That's a reality. That's the reality, and those who are not aware about it, very soon, you will be able to find out that, yeah? Once we'll progress, once we'll move inside the class. So whether it's a, like, a model from Google.
We have all these things, whether it's a model for Facebook, we have that. Whether it's a model from DeepSeek, we have that.
Over here. Alibaba, we have that. Mistral, we have that, right? Lgai, we have that. And everything you will be able to access it just with one single API, and it's a very easy-peasy kind of a job, right? To create an API. So just click.
Uh, give you any kind of a name, create, and within a fraction of a second, it creates an API for you.
It creates an API for you. You will be able to track it, you will be able to see the logs. Logs means, like, let's suppose if you're trying to hit our system, so if it is, like, a… I'm giving you some sort of an error, or maybe a success message, each and everything, you will be able to track.
Uh, and I'll explain you. I'll explain the technical part of it, and model-wise, so as of now, we have given you a chat completion API endpoint. We have given you, basically, an embedding generation, which you are going to use a lot during your agent and during your RAG application.
We have given an option for speech, TTS, text-to-speech, basically. We have given you an option for a image generation as well. So, we have given an API for all of these.
Task, which all of you are going to use it with respect to all the available model. So, one single API key.
All the 25 model axes, you will be able to do. You just have to go and change the model ID.
Not just that, right? Not just that. So, we have our own SDK as well. Sdk, those who don't understand, so basically it's a Python, you can say, library, right?
So, if you will go to a PyPi, so, which is a… like, a repository, so where anyone is going to create a Python package.
So we have launched our Uri AI SDK as well. Software Development Kit as well. So that, with respect to any framework, whether it's a langchain, whether it's a crew AI, whether it's an autogen, whether it's a Llama Index, whether it's a Langraph, whether it's a small agent, whether it's a stream agent, everything in it, and.
So, with all of these frameworks seamlessly, just by installing a pip install URI.
You will be able to use it. So we have made your life even more easier in terms of.
Integration of, uh, entire LLMs. The 25 plus LLMs from a different, different provider, right? With any of this framework. And we have given you a sample code as well. Now, based on that, you can write your thousand line of code, you can build the entire product.
Right? So, and again, like, I know for some of us, it's overwhelming on a day zero.
I'm just showing you that part, right? Because it's an induction class, it's my responsibility to show you those parts. Anyhow, this is the part of your syllabus, so I'm going to teach you. And when I teach, I start from ground zero.
Yeah? So, I'm going to assume that we don't even understand what is the meaning of API. And from that label, I'm going to start my class.
Yes? So don't worry, it's completely fine. I'm just showing you, and I'm just trying to create a line in your brain that, okay, this is there.
And I'm going to use it. That's the line. That particular line I'm trying to create in your brain.
So yeah, all of these things are already available, fine. Now, so, uh… Yuri, we are going to use it a lot, especially in a generative AI classes. Obviously, I'm going to use it a lot, and without this.
No one can deliver, uh, classes, technically, right? So, even if you are going to take classes from somewhere else, because there are so many good people out there who is conducting a generative AI classes, but even over there, you need an access, basically. So, you need an access, maybe not from us.
From somewhere, uh, someone else. But yes, at the end of the day, you need an access. As simple as that.
Uh, okay, so this is, uh, Yuri, uh, API system. Then, coming to this, uh, resume part.
Right? Find days, are we going good? Continuously, I'm speaking, I should… I think I should ask.
To kindly giveaway, what is it? Don't worry, Anrava, so we'll talk about it, yeah? I'm going to show you practical.
Yes, are we good? How much experience we can put into the resume? Don't worry, Asis, we'll talk, yeah?
Okay.
Okay, so, best from the best literary. Okay, thank you so much, everyone. Thanks. Okay, so I hope you are going good.
Now, uh, so, coming to the next part, uh, from the Euron ecosystem, so we have our Resume AI.
So, obviously, guys, uh, when we are going to complete our lectures, when we are going to work on the project.
Uh, so obviously, we have to build our resume. Now, project part, let me come to the project part first of all.
Uh, so what kind of a project that I have mentioned? So, I'm going to click again on live batches, click here, and come to the last section.
Right? Our very last section. Now, here I have already mentioned a project. Now, what kind of a project I have mentioned. So, when I say.
That I'm going to discuss, I'm going to talk about the real-world project, I mean it, right? I literally mean it that I'm going to talk about a real-world project. Now, the very first project which you will be able to see.
So, Yuri-like chat system, the system that you are able to see, where we are using an open-source model, where we are using a proprietary model, both kind of a model, right, where we are giving you an image generation or a speech, or inferencing with respect to anything, a code compilation.
Many things, right? So that kind of a system, we are going to build inside our live classes with our own UI interface, with our own data modeling, with our own database connection, with our own.
You are URL hosting, so this one. It's not like I'm going to leave you just with respect to a local host, that, okay, execute inside a local. No. So, we are going to deploy it, we are going to host our model on a GPU, we are going to write a logic for our inferencing. Now, many people must not be aware about it. They will say that, okay, you have a model, you can just host it, and then you can do an inferencing, but let me tell you, my dear.
Student. Uh, so… Model always gives you, doesn't matter which model you are going to use, model always gives you a raw output. What does this mean? So let me, like, give you a little bit of a glimpse, not much. So, let's suppose you are going to click on this Yuri, right?
Now, if I'm going to ask for that, give me a formula.
Or give me… Uh, if I'm going to ask, give me… And… explanation of… Sheen rule with… Uh… differential. Now, what I'm trying to show you this example, the reason is very simple. So, see, here you will be able to see a lot of formula and everything, right? Different, different kind of formula and this one.
Now, uh, when you take a model, right, when you download a model from a Hugging Face or from any other library, so model never gives you this kind of a formatted output. So we do a lot of, like, write a lot of logic, we do a lot of Latinx over here.
Basically, we try to handle each and everything, so whether it's a formula, whether it's a table, whether it's an output.
And it leads a lot of edge case to be handled.
It's not like you will just download the model and you will be able to build this kind of a system. So, this is where this system gets even, like, more powerful. Plus, in a real time, it should answer your query.
Right? In a real time, and not just for one user. So I'm using it, and even you are using it parallelly, right? So it should work for a thousand thousands of users at a time. It should work with respect to a web search, it should work with respect to a code interpreter. You can… you should be able to, like, you know.
Upload your voice, so that is a kind of a project I have mentioned over here, and that too, till deployment means till a real deployment, right? Not just a streamlined kind of a deployment on a streamlined cloud. Yeah, those kind of projects also we do, right, in many batches, plus even during a live classes, I'm going to show you.
But those are an easy one. Those are just a one-step kind of a deployment, which eventually you all will be able to learn in no time.
So, this kind of a system we are going to discuss, then AI internship and job portal recommendation, kind of a system, AI meeting summarizer.
So, this is one of the biggest ones. It will take a time, but it's a big, big, literally a big system. Until URL hosting, right? We are going to talk about.
This particular project. So, if you will be interested, you can buy your own URL, you can try to host it on your own URL by creating that particular product.
And, uh, again, the entire infrastructure on scale. So that is something which I'm going to teach you.
And, uh, why I'm able to teach you, the reason is very simple. So, there is something that we have built it internally. So, obviously, we have our own codebase, and we have, like, everything.
We can, we can teach easily. So here we are using OpenAI UI, and we have another version of Yuri, which we have been using right before, uh, like, this particular month.
And, uh, where even our UI interface, our entire inferencing and everything is, like, written by us. So here, we have implemented our OpenWeb UI, which is one of the smoothest one. Those who are not aware about it.
You will get to know, eventually, yes? But yeah, we are going to teach you everything.
And that one. Uh, that will be a time-taking project. So, that is basically a project. Now, let's suppose if you're able to do a project, classes in each and every thing. So, obviously, you will be looking for an opportunity, right?
This is where this Resume AI comes into a picture, because you have to create a resume in a very first place, right?
You have to go and create a resume, and maybe you are a fresher, maybe you are an experienced person, maybe you have a good, bad, any kind of a resume, possible, right?
So, here we have given you an option. So, initially, you will see two options, but technically, there are three options over here.
So, you can try to revamp your existing resume, and uh… let's suppose I have a bad resume, so I can just try to click on revamp resume, I can select 3 templates, 3 formats we have given to you.
So, you can select any of these formats, and then you can try to upload your resume. So let's suppose I have a bad mint, literally, very, very bad. This is one of the baddest resumes.
Um, as you can see, night, very bad resumer, right? There is no formatting, nothing.
Just try to open it up, dump it, put your GitHub URL, put your LinkedIn URL, otherwise keep it. You can try to put up your job description as well, so that according to job description, it is going to align.
And then escape this step, so… now, it will start creating your resume, it will give you a guidance with respect to your interview preparation.
It will tell you even an ATS score. Why ATS score matters? Ats means Applicant Tracking System.
So nowadays, whenever you are going to apply. In any company, right? In any company. So, basically, uh, uh, your resume will not be reviewed by a human first.
You… there is a machine, someone has written the logic, and machine is trying to evaluate your entire things. I mean, technically, code is trying to evaluate your resume.
Right? And the ATS applicant track, that is something called as applicant tracking system, ATS, which everyone.
Everyone means literally everyone is using it. In our current situation, right? Because whenever someone tried to publish a job, so obviously there will be thousands of applicants, no one is having time to go through it.
And, uh, ATS system always tried to map, uh. Keywords which is available inside a job description versus your resume.
And this is where this entire system, our resume system, comes into a picture, which is going to help you out.
Right? Which is going to help you out in terms of improving your ATS score.
And then it is going to enhance your resume. So see, I have uploaded a bad, bad resume, right?
And as such as the format, now I see there is Gmail.
So, let me, let me open up that resumer once again.
Oh, my zoom in…
So this was the original one, right? This was the original one, and as you can see, it's a very, very bad one.
Right, a very bad one, unstructured one, and a scattered one, I would say.
And, uh, this is something that system is able to create in 2-3 minutes of time only, right?
And in a complete structured format, formatted way. And we have given you 3 templates. Not just that, so it is going to generate even a cover letter for you, so you can generate your cover letter, right? So automatically it is going to put up each and everything, and in a structured manner, it is going to generate the cover letter, because again, cover letter will be required for some of the company, or maybe.
If you are going to apply for maybe a master's or PhD. Apart from that, so it is going to give you some hint as well. As per your resume, that, okay, fine, so if you're going for an interview, then what kind of expectation you should have with respect to managerial round, general question, HR question, uh, behavioral question, and technical question, if your resume is technical.
Basically, it works for everyone. It works for even a lawyer, accountant, everyone, basically, right?
So if you are technical, then only it is going to populate that technical question and everything. Uh, those who would like to create a resume from their scratch, they can do that as well. Click.
Fill all the details, so select any of these templates, and one by one, fill all the details. Right. And it will be able to create. So, in either way, if you're creating a fresh resume, or from the existing resume.
It works, basically. So this is where this Resume AI comes into a picture, and I believe all of us are going to use it.
By default. It's a need of an R. Obviously, you need it, and you are going to use it.
Yeah, so the Zoom AI. Fine, guys, please add more template also. I think 3 is fine, uh, Avina. See, more means we can add 100, but doesn't make sense, right? It will end up confusing a people that which one I'm supposed to choose. So I think 3 is a fair enough, I would say.
How much score is good? Uh, anything above 80 is good.
You can say anything above 80 is good. This was so good getting expected questions section. Yeah, so the resume one, right? Yes, obviously. So this, this never gives you a detailed question, we have not configured in that way. We have configured it in such a way that it will give you a glimpse. The reason was, again, very simple, because, see, we have a Yuri ecosystem, right? You can upload your entire resume even over here, right? And then you can say that, okay, fine, so give me a preparation, or give me a 200 question, give me a 500.
Question. So, we have, we already have a Yuri ecosystem. So, here you can just upload your revamped resume and then ask for, like, a preparation. It will give you a question, it will give you an answer, so even with Yuri, you will be able to do all the preparations. So keeping that in our mind, we are just giving you a glimpse so that.
Uh, it will open up your mind. It will open up your aura, basically, that, okay, this is something which can be asked in this area.
So I think I should focus on that part. So that's the reason, so this is a sample one. I'm even not saying that it's a detailed one, not at all. And intentionally, it's been done.
Intentionally, because we have a Yuri, right? So, you can go ahead and generate 500 or maybe 1000 questions.
Uh, I'm not going to sell Euron in a coming year, right? Uh, Sib, uh… That's a… that's a tough question, by the way. So those who are not aware about my, like, background, so, basically, there was a company called asynidron, and which has been acquired.
Everyone, entrepreneur's dream, you can say? So… Uh, not so soon, because, see, even I was a part of Inirun, which I had founded in 2019, for, like, a straight 5 years, five, five and a half year.
And, uh, there was a lot of translation. A lot means lot of transition. More than, like, 10,000. I think 10,000 is a small number.
And there was, like, a 1.5 million total students, and we have started teaching in a affordable manner in Iran.
Uh, uh, when there was no one in a market in that affordable section. So, yes, there was a lot of edotech company, which was charging, like, a 1 lakh rupees, 2 lakh rupees, 3 lakh rupees.
So, we have started in that way. And yeah, that became popular because of you guys.
Because, you see, it's all about the student, right? So, Audutec is basically a service industry, which I think.
As part of my experience. And, uh, here, nothing matters, I would say, except only one thing. So, just take care of a student, help them out in terms of making a transition, or their end goal, whatever your end goal is.
And then, uh, your company will flourish. So, we did that. That's in our DNA.
And, uh, yeah, so again, with Euron. Uh, because, see, before Intrapreneur, I was a teacher. I was a techie, I was a teacher, and then I have started, then I have started a company, uh, eventually. Uh, so… That's a region somewhere, like, uh, you know, I feel that that… I felt, basically. I was like a…
Blank for so many days. I was not doing anything, and then I decided that, okay, fine, so I think I should go and I should do a teaching.
Uh, again, uh, so that's the reason I have started Euron. Because… By heart, so I'm a teacher. I just love taking classes and, like, doing a discussion with the people out there.
Right? Uh, whether it's a tech things or whether it's a, uh… entrepreneurship, or anything, anything, right? Uh, so that's the reason we have a Euron. I don't know what will happen in the future, at least after 5 years, but yes, till 5 years, so obviously, I'm here.
I'm teaching. As a teacher, I can say, right? So, I'm going to teach.
Okay, so we have a resume AI, I think I have discussed about it, yeah? Now we have a job portal as well. Now, job… there are so many job systems out there, right? There is LinkedIn, there's Nokri, there is Indeed, there is HiRisk, there is Monster, there is TimeJob, so many job portal, right?
Out there. And, uh, there are so many companies' career pages as well.
Yeah? So, every company will be having their own career page, just give a name of any company, maybe it's a… JP Morgan, it's a Google, Facebook, or anyone, right? Tcs enforces BPro, everyone will be having their own career pages, yeah?
No, so it's very tough to navigate through all of those career pages one by one, one by one, one by one.
And, uh, you know, go and apply for that job. So, here, again, we are behaving like an aggregator.
So, for my student, I thought that, that, okay, uh, what, what if we can try to bring all of these jobs for the entire world? Not just a technical job. So, we are bringing almost every kind of a job, so even you can search for a lawyer.
Even you can search for accountant, you will be able to see the job, and then you can try to enter the location. And we are trying to bring more and more. So, as of now, for some of these filters, maybe for an internship and remote, it will not work.
But it will start working very soon. So we are trying to bring those jobs as well. So, what this platform does, let me tell you, like, things, uh, like, clearly over here.
So, we are not a job creator. Right? So, whatever job that you see on those hundreds of different, different platforms, right, and you have to go through it.
We are… so even from a company's job, like, site, basically, right? So, we are trying to bring all of those jobs, we are trying to behave like an aggregator over here.
So where everything you will be able to find out in one single unified platform. For example, if I'm going to search for machine learning, right?
So, here, it will, uh, like, try to fetch a machine learning job for me, as you can see, right? Uh, as you can see, so from multiple companies, it is able to fetch a job in no time.
Yeah? No time. You can even check your location, so whether you are from a USA, you are from UK, you are from an African continent, you are from a Middle East.
It is going to work. Simple. Right? It is going to work. And not just for tech, I said. Like I said, right? So, it is going to work, basically, for any kind of a keyword.
Uh, you are going to ask and filter. Uh, we are trying to bring more and more. We are trying to work more on that internship job side. It does your opportunity side, and then, uh, more and more jobs for a fresher side. So, we are working a lot. Our team is… because.
Again, those jobs are, like, scattered on millions of different, different platforms across a different region, country, and continent, right? So it's tough, but yeah, so we are, like, building it, and even now, the system works, you know, super, super perfect manner.
Where you can go, you can try to search for the job. And this is just a part of your own ecosystem. We are trying to make it even better and better and better, but even now, it's good, yeah? You will be able to search it.
So that my students are not supposed to go, you know.
On those N number of platforms, and then apply. You can go, obviously, like, uh, but I'm not saying that you should not go. You should go everywhere, wherever you can get a job, but yeah, so even inside auron, you have that particular option.
So, this is all about a job system. Hope this makes sense.
Now, uh, then there is an internship portal. So, see, guys, um… Uh, basically, you're trying to learn something new, right? You're trying to learn something new.
And, uh. There is nothing called as learning, by the way.
So, uh, especially on a tech side, because you are not trying to learn, uh, so that you have to clear some exams.
Like, UPSC NEAT or ITJE. No, not at all. Yes, so in case of ITG, in case of need, in case of UPSC.
We have to crack exam, right? We have to go and write a paper.
Uh, but, uh… You are trying to do a tech upskilling.
Or maybe a reskilling, right? Now, so here you are not going to give an exam.
You are going to give an interview. You are technically preparing for the interview, and inside an interview, people are going to talk about your experience.
People are trying… people will try to talk about her skills. People are going to talk about, basically, like, the things that you have built, or maybe you are building.
Right? So, a real skill matters, a real project matters, a real thing that you have built is going to matter.
And it matters, literally, a lot. Lot means literally a lot.
So, keeping that in our mind, so we have created an internship portal, so where you will be able to find out, uh, 700 projects, not just one.
700 project, yeah? We have uploaded so far, and we have even given you an option to request a project so that my team can review your requirement. Let's suppose you are saying that, okay, so in this domain, you should put a project with this theme. So, we have given you this request, a project option as well. So, where you can request.
Uh, this request will not be fulfilled immediately. It takes time, uh, but yeah, so team is going to look into it, and then they are going to dump a project over here. Now, we have created this internship portal in such a way that you can come over here, and you can try to search.
For the project, maybe, like, a generative AI. As we are going through generative AI, right? So I can try to search for maybe a generative AI, right?
So I can search for agility. Ai over here, and I will be able to see a lot of projects. A lot of projects, I will be able to see from a different, different domain, as you can see, right? So, and I can click on this view details, and here.
In every project, it's the same. Uh, same means, uh, this, uh, theme is same, right? Project will be different.
So, here we have mentioned a PRD, project requirement document. You can open it up. Hld, High Label Design Document, LLD, low-label Design Document. So, all of these things we have given to you, the way you will be able to see a project in any industry.
Right? In any industry, because if you're going to join a team, so obviously there'll be a PRD, your team lead, or… Someone is going to discuss that with you, and then there will be a requirement which will be mentioned, there will be a feature or enhancement that will be mentioned, and uh… in the exact similar manner. So, keeping that in a mind.
And just to bring you closer and very, very closer, uh, towards our industrial approach of developing anything.
These document HLD, LLD, and PRD is given to you inside a.
System itself, for every project, right? So that you can go through it, you can try to understand it. We have given you that what you have to build, so we have even given you a technology stack everywhere, so that you can try to start building those systems.
And then you can submit it, right? Plus, for that, so let's suppose if I'm going to click on enroll now.
So, you will be able to, right? So, let's suppose I have enrolled into one of the projects, right? I have enrolled into one of the projects.
So, you will be able to get an internship offer later. So, when you are going to join. So, this is the intensive oscillator. I have generated just now, right? So, first.
Uh, yeah. So, you will be able to see a intensive oscillator. Anyone can come in, anyone can click and even verify if you are going to submit your return operator somewhere, right?
And everything is mentioned very clearly, that how this internship is going to happen, and what we do, everything, everything in a very, very clear manner.
And you can start your internship. So that is just an offer letter, by the way, right? Not a completion. Completion, you will be able to get once you are going to complete it. So technically, we give you two letters. One is a.
Joining, onboarding, and then another one is basically at the time of completion. And in between, so we have given you this Kanban board as well, so you can create tasks, basically, like, uh, for you. You can try to keep track of those tasks. So, this is, again, the kind of a board we have already given to you, so… Amazing one, see? I'm able to, like, float it from, like, a 2-2 in progress to finish, right?
Plus, let's suppose if you would like to do this project, not alone, right? Not alone, you would like to invite someone.
So, we have given you that option. So, here, you will be able to see your team member, and here, you will be able to see an invite member. So, you can try to, like, if you're going to click on this invite member, so link will be copied automatically, now you can share that link with anyone.
And if that person is also a part of Euron. If not, it will not be allowed.
If that person will also be a part of your own, you can, uh, like, that person can join your project. But yes, you will be a lead.
Yeah, you will be a lead. So, first come first. That person can join some other project as well, and you can start any number of projects over here.
Now, we have given you this internship portal, uh, not just for a fresher or dropout.
But for everyone. Reason is very simple. I know that if you're a working professional, you don't need an internship. I completely agree, right?
I completely agree. But let's suppose if you're trying to do a transition from one technology to another technology.
So obviously, we are going to talk about a project in a class.
But even you should try building some project on your own.
Right? And the biggest problem that I've seen people face is that they don't know what to build.
Right? See, there are, like, millions of things to build in this world, right?
Yeah, people are building it. But somewhere we all get confused. We are not able to see the direction, that, okay, fine, so what project I should do, what things I should build.
Here is an option, which is given to you. Right? With the ultimate, detailed way. So, each and everything is given to you.
So you can come over here, you can try to build, you can try to maintain your GitHub repository, and eventually that will give you the experience. This is what I want. And obviously, for a fresher, or anyone who is in a third year, second year, fourth year.
Uh, they're doing their undergraduation, undergraduate, or whatever, right? Uh, master's.
So, obviously, you need a later. You need, uh, internship, right?
So, here we have given to you. And again, so it's easy to get an offer letter, but believe me.
Uh, you will not be able to get a completion letter unless and until you are not completing it as per the guidelines.
Very simple, right? So, offer later, go ahead, generate hundreds of offer later, no issue at all. Completion later will not give you, or system will not give you, technically.
Right? Unless and until you are not fulfilling the complete requirement of a project.
Very, very simple. Straightforward. Yes? How about data setup for the project? So, data set you can generate, right? So, dataset C, whenever we try to do an MBPs or POCs kind of a thing.
So, obviously, uh, we try to, like, mock up the data.
You have an AI, right? You have a UCI repository, you have a Google data set, you have a Hugging Face data set.
So, you can just go ahead and just try to, like, get a dataset from there.
This is all… so, hope I have answered. Only for Indonesia, yeah, whatever we build, we build for our Euron user. Uh, reason is very simple. See, this is not a very first time when I'm into an entrepreneurship journey. So, I have seen that, that, uh.
When you give an excessive leverage to the people, right, so there will be some people who will try to exploit the system. So, keeping that in our mind.
Uh, I just wanted to cater my students, my, uh, Euron users.
Right? In a best possible way, right? Without any kind of a distraction. So, that was the… it. We can use Kegel for dataset. You can use Kegel for dataset, use CIE for the dataset, Google dataset, you can try to use a Hugging Face dataset, because in every project, you need a different, different kind of a dataset, right? Because theme is different, requirements are completely different with respect to the data set, right? So… you can just go ahead, or you can even ask AI to mock up the data.
Right? I'll create maybe thousands of records for that. Mentorship will be provided for the project? No. In internship, we expect you to do the project. We don't give a mentorship for an internship, right? We never, we never give an internship, because we have given an AI system, we are teaching you, so we are not selling an internship, right? So basically, internship is a part, internship is one of the features.
That we have given to you, and uh… you have a group, that's the reason we have a group, so go ahead, do a discussion, try to onboard someone, because we are anyhow teaching you a project.
It's not just one, it's hundreds of projects which is already available on our platform.
Right? So, it doesn't make a sense to, you know, teach you and guide you and, like, in an internship again.
For that, we have a classes. For that, we have a courses. We are already doing it, right? And you have access of it.
Right? Uh, so… And plus, we have our groups. So, this is how it is going to happen. Honestly speaking, mentorship, I don't, like, uh… think that it's required, basically, because obviously you will be able to get that label on your own.
And, uh, yeah, so I'm open for any discussion, in a group or even inside this, uh, live classes, so… I'm not saying that I'll not answer your question.
But yeah, dedicatedly for a particular project, there is no mentorship.
Because that is already… that will be discussed in the courses. Hope it makes sense.
Okay, so intensive is done, API is done, UD is done, resume AI is done, job is done. Uh, there is a very small feature called as Focus Mode.
Uh, because I know that we are living in a… era of Instagram and Facebook, where it's very hard to resist.
Even for a single minute. Uh, without switching a screen, right? Or without looking at my, uh, at your mobile. It's literally very difficult. So much of distraction, right? So, this is… this was just a fun project for my development team. Uh, so they said that, okay, fine, so let's try to, you know, create something like that. So they have just created this for you.
Uh, where if you are feeling distracted, so you can put up the timer, you can try to select the theme, anything that you want. A lot of themes is there, you can try to even, like, see the strats, that how much focus you are able to do. So this is just a small app that we have given to you. Not a big one.
But yeah, so… to, like, create the focus, right? Create the focus, by the way. So… This is one of the… feature. And, uh, this combines the Euron ecosystem.
Uh, there are a lot, there are a lot, so there are a lot of, like, courses you will be able to find out. We are even working on the books.
Uh, we don't have much of books as of now, but yeah, so in our future, uh, for example, uh, so we have, like, books for, uh, DSA.
Uh, so I can, I can just click over here, I can go over here, and then I can try to read out the.
Complete, books, it's loading. It's a big one, yeah. So you will be able to, like, see the books over here.
Uh, you will be able to go bookmark, read out. So we are, we are trying to create such kind of books as well, so that my students are not supposed to go and do the investment once again. But yeah.
As of now, it's a limited one, because it takes time for us to even write these kind of books and to create it.
Uh, with the limited resources that we have, plus we have given you the AI summarization for the entire book and for the particular pages, plus we have given you the highlight option. In a mobile, if you are going to open it up, so you will be able to see that, uh.
Flipbook kind of options. So, that feature is also available. So this is… I'm discussing just on a side note. So, we have a book feature as well, and uh… some of the good books we have already uploaded.
Uh, but still, we are working more and more on this. So maybe in next couple of months, I would say, not immediately, you will be having some books.
Uh, plus, apart from that, so, a last-to-last month itself, two-month or two and a half month back, so I have launched this roadmap.
So how this roadmap works, actually? So basically, we have created you this, uh, amazing roadmap kind of a structure, so let's suppose if someone is going through an AI, from a beginning itself. So, course is already mapped, and these courses, I'm trying to create fresh.
We already had our courses, actually. We already had our courses, we have already given a lot of, like, live classes, we had a lot of self-class courses, but I had a dream of recording almost all the tech.
Uh, by my own, so that is something that I had as a dream since last, like, 2-3 year.
Somewhere I was not able to get time for it, uh, so this time I have decided that, okay, I'll do it, this time I'll do it now.
So I have already started doing it. It's running a little bit late, uh, so maybe you are aware about it. If you're new, so maybe you're not aware about it, but yeah. So personally, I'm doing a recording. Some of the courses I have already finished.
Most of the courses are under progress, and like I said, so it was my dream to do a recording, so I'm just trying to, like, fulfill my dream by working on these, uh.
Like a hybrid project, so I have named that as a hybrid, basically. So, hybrid project, but it's getting delayed a little bit.
Hopefully, I will be able to, like, you know, cover those delays very soon. So, I'm working, still working on that.
So that you will be able to access all of these courses along with the project, discussions, each and everything.
Anytime. Anytime means, in a selfish mode, anytime. So, again, that is a part of the Euron.
Uh, plus ecosystem. And plus, with respect to this, uh, you know, amazing roadmap, you all will be able to see it. So whether it's a.
So, I have created, I think, 7 to 8 roadmaps. Uh, in future.
There will be more, which will come. So, as I will, like, get time, I will get some bandwidth.
I'll just do it. So, I have a lot of plan with that, but yeah, that will come in the future. As of now, I'm anyhow running late for this one.
Uh, because of my schedule and, uh, timelines, uh, basically. Yeah.
So, that is it, guys. As a part of your induction session. That's it about this entire Euron ecosystem. Hope all of us are able to understand, hope all of us are able to know that what is what.
And where you can go and where you can try to find out, uh, what.
Uh, so, just an introduction. So, anyhow, we will be the user of it, right? So, we are going to use it day in, day out.
And, uh, not just, uh, like, uh, we have not built a system where you will just come and learn. No, a lot of things, lot of things, right? A lot of things. That's the reason we say that as a urine ecosystem. And that, too.
The intention is to maintain the affordability. Affordability means, obviously, going forward as we are going to increase the courses, as we are going to increase the offerings.
We may increase the prices in future, so… That will come, because it is costing us, right, it is costing us.
But, yeah, so still, we will be affordable, as simple as that. Means, uh, we'll be in a limited range, so even if we are going to increase.
Now, future, it will not be, like, a too high. That anyone and everyone can't afford.
As simple as that. Wanted to know about a vibe coding, at what depth it will be taught.
But I'll teach you why I'm coding, don't worry. I have already mentioned it as a part of your syllabus.
So… and I do a lot of whiteboarding. Again, uh, so Amravai is saying, so what is the tenure of this current Gen AI course? It's a 4-5 month under Rava, which it is going to take. Do you think that today's, uh, time deal concepts are… for generative AI, see? Guys, again, many people ask me this question, that I'm trying to learn a generative AI, right?
So, does NLP required? Does deep learning require? Does a stats concept required.
See, I'll say it is required and it's not required. Both. I'm not saying yes, I'm not saying even no.
I'll give you the reason for that. So, here, this generative AI batch.
Uh, which I'm talking about, right? I have mentioned a lot of concepts. For example, right, for example, let's talk about this concept itself.
Embedding concept. So, where I'm going to teach you that how you will be able to use all of these vector databases, how you can try to use a URI API, how you will be able to convert your data into an embedding, which is nothing but a vector space.
And then store it, and then retrieve it, and then do all kind of an operation with respect to the embedding. Now, obviously, to understand the embedding, you have to understand a similarity search, like a cosine similarity, you have to understand maybe a Manhattan distance, you have to understand maybe a Euclidean distance concept, you have to understand.
So we are, again, mathematics, a little bit of equation, and mathematics comes into a picture, right?
So, when I'm going to teach you this particular section, so obviously, I'm going to teach you even those things.
Which is a prerequisite for this one, this particular section. And same for next, same for next, and same for next.
Right? So, in this manner, what is required, right. Anyhow, that will come into a picture. If it is a concept coming from a deep learning section, if it is a concept coming from an NLP section.
That will be discussed, right? Because I know that without a base.
You will not be able to remember, and you will not be able to correlate, and going forward, you will not be able to explain the same thing.
To someone. To someone means your interviewer or maybe your team leader, someone, right? So I do understand that particular part. So I'm going to move inside a class.
With that philosophy. Hope it makes sense, right? And that's the reason I said it's important, it's not important.
Right? So if you are going through this entire roadmap, so I have already created a generative AI roadmap as well, let me show you.
So, generative AI. Automap, right? If you'll go through my roadmap, again, this is something which I have created. I have clearly mentioned that you should go through the Python, then go through the stats, then go through the NLP, then go through the generative AI, then go through the RAG, then go through the MCP, then go through the LLM ops, right?
I have mentioned that part, right? So, I'm aware that somewhere you need a consort of NLP, somewhere you have to understand the transformer, its architecture, its whole algorithms, its calculation, right? I do agree, I do understand each and everything.
Now, I'm the one who have created this particular roadmap as well, where I'm clearly saying that, okay, you need Python, you need stats, you need NLP, you need… because here, someone is going on their own.
Right? Now, in this class, when I talk about a live batches, I'm teaching it, right? I'm teaching you directly.
So, over there, section by section, as we are going to move, whatever will be the prerequisite, I'll discuss first.
So, I'm able to answer your question that with a deep learning, NLP, all those things are required or not, and yeah, many people were asking this question, even in a group, and when I've started this batch, so Mimira was talking about it.
So, now I'm able to clarify. Are you going to be surprised for the existing software? No, see, for existing, we'd never change anything. So, uh, like, uh, even previous price of your own plus was, like, uh… different, it was less… recently, we have increased a little bit, right? Very little we have increased.
Uh, so, uh, those who are having an access, uh, they have an access now. Yeah, for next year, if you're going to upgrade it, because we all have an access for one year, so you have to, like, go ahead with the revised one.
But for the existing one, we, like… means if you have taken once, it's, like, for a year, nothing is changing for you, doesn't matter how many things we are going to bring on a platform. As simple as that.
I don't know what is white coding, don't worry, that's something that I have to teach you.
Yeah? So you decided to mention that course can access ABLE for a lifetime?
Uh, no, here we have clearly mentioned… I think someone has uploaded a wrong poster, but here it's clearly mentioned, one-year access.
Yeah? Dude will leave you on those things, like, maybe some team member have, by mistake, like, done that, but yeah.
So, since at day zero, it's a one-year access. Uh, what you will do with Lighttime, so… doesn't make sense, right? So, maybe in the next two years itself, a lot of technology is going to change.
Uh, okay, now so many questions for me. So, shall we start at, like, a conversation, guys?
Yeah? Shall we open up our mic now? I think, like, I'm able to discuss everything with respect to Euron, so I can see a lot of caution, and even you guys are able to see a lot of caution. So I believe, like, now we should start talking.
Yeah. And I hope all of you are able to join inside, uh.
Group, your, uh, your WhatsApp group means this badge WhatsApp group.
Yes? Okay, fine. So, uh… We have so many attendees, uh, here.
And don't worry, again, so… Uh, your mentor is not new in a mentorship, so I know how to handle a batches, I know how to answer the doubts, I know how to clarify each and every concern that you have.
I'm doing it since last 8 years, so be patient in a very day zero. It looks like, uh, like, okay, my turn, my turn, and someone is supposed to answer my question, but believe me, I will be here.
Uh, by the time, I'm not going to close all of your doubt, and that is going to happen every Saturday and Sunday.
Yeah, that is going to happen every Saturday, Sunday. Um, I have mentioned only 2 hours of timeline, but that is just a timeline I have mentioned.
I'll listen and they are not going to close all of your doubts.
I am not going to leave the class. Now. So, generally, I do a discussion, and after a discussion… so, this kind of a discussion.
After that discussion, if you don't have a doubt, it's completely fine, you can drop off from the class, yeah?
And this is what we are going to do. So, because you're not supposed to sit for 4 hours, simple. So, classes are going to happen for one and a half hour, two hours, someday, two and a half hour, right? And if you don't have any kind of a question, simple, you can drop off from the class.
Uh, you have a WhatsApp group access and everything. If you have a question, you can stay over here and, uh, simple raise your hand.
I believe all of you are able to see this raise hand option, right guys?
I'm going to lower all of your hands so that you can raise it again, yeah? I believe all of you are able to see the raise hand option. Fine. So those who have a question, guys, please raise your hand, right? And one by one, I'm going to unmute, one by one, I'm going to answer. If you have a question again.
Again, you can raise your hand as many times as possible. I don't have, like I said, and I will keep on saying, I don't have any issue with any question, and one by one.
Uh, let's try to, like, ask a question, yes? Uh, fine. So, Nahendra, Karthik, Rameshram, Krishna, please go ahead with your question.
Yep. Nangid Raf first.
Oh, thankfully, uh… Do we have any security… data security issues when we are using this generated AI?
Data security chapter you're talking about?
Oh, I'm asking, uh… whether any, um, when we upload data.
Getting, uh… is this going to be any threatened? So the clients, if we are using client data, no?
No, not at all, not at all, not at all. Yeah. So, you're talking about the URI, basically, right? So when you are going to use a Yuri, or when you are going to use a URI API, so you are saying that.
That, uh, like, uh, are we storing your data, or, like, are we keeping your data? Something like this, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No. We are not keeping your data loud and clear, I can mention. We are not storing your data. Plus, let me show you a URI. So, for example, let me share my screen once again.
And, uh, here… Uh, if I'll go to Yuri, so we have an option. So, where you can go to a setting.
And then you can try to delete all your chat. You can try to even import your chat.
Again, so this has been hosted on our server, means on our server. So, this.
Chat, you can try to come over here, you can try to delete it. We are, like, storing this chat over here, just inside the Yuri ecosystem.
So that it will help us to build a memory. So whenever you will come next time, it understands you, right? System understands you. But we have already given an option, your data is your data, it's not our data, simple, and we are not training any kind of a model, by the way.
Right? We are not training… as I said, so it's not a model that we have modified, it's the same model that you will find out in any market.
Right? It's the same model. Whether this is GPT, so we are using GPT. But yes, it's always hosted on our platform.
And, uh, we are, like, trying to do it inferencing with respect to the GPT's API, and there are some proprietary models which we have hosted, right? Which we are hosted, and from there, we are, like, doing inferencing.
Uh, so we are not storing any data. With respect to Yuri, and even with respect to Yuri API, right? So, we are not even storing, like, anything, any data with respect to a memory.
So you are, you are basically, like, secured, you can try to use it with respect to your client data, or with respect to your MVPs you are going to build, or any, like, POCs you are going to build.
Hope it makes sense, Nagindra, yeah? Yeah, please go ahead.
Yeah, one more click on that. I recently used this PDF documentation summarization.
So, in which, uh, I hope, uh, the token number might be crossed to 1 lakh, I think so.
Mm-hmm.
Will that be fine? Can we increase this token size?
So, see, uh, daily token limit, you, uh, we are going to reset for you, uh, as we have already mentioned, and we are giving you 1 lakh.
And, uh, see, we have created this Euron platform, keeping one thing in our mind, so that as a learner, you will be using it, right? As a learner, you will be using it. Not in a, like, a production hour. If you're going to use our API in a production, just imagine how much it is going to cost us.
Well, actually, uh, the document size is more than 92, so it is not producing admits what we expected.
So, you, use, you… No, no, no, you use a sample gnome. So just try to use one or two pages, why to use the 92 pages?
If something is going to work for two pages, it is going to work for 200 pages as well, right? So, we have given this ecosystem so that you can learn, you can experiment, you can build up POCs, you can build up MVPs.
Uh, not to use our API just directly with the client interfacing.
Right? You can use it, because our API is as stable as any other API that you will be able to find out. There is no downtime at all with respect to this API system.
But we are limiting you with respect to a token in our future, we are even planning, right?
To bring some flexible token limit as well. So, where you can buy. Like, like you said, right? So, let's suppose you are processing 100 pairs of document.
So, obviously, a system can do it, there is no issue. The only limitation will be a token limit. So, in a future, I'm, like, planning that if some of my user would like to, like, you know.
I want an unlimited token. Go for pay-per-use.
On top of this one, on top of this token availability limit, so go for pay-per-use, so that you will not be having any kind of a limitation in that case. But as of now, we are giving you, for learning purposes, and I think one lakh token daily is more than enough, because you will not be consuming, like, this much token on a daily basis. It's a 365 lakh, you have access of over 1 year.
Right? The 365 lakh, so I don't think that… Anyone will be able to use it. I have never seen that.
Yeah. So, elaborate APIs. So, APIs, in a layman way, I'll say API is something, a kind of an endpoint, so which is giving you an access of all the model out there.
But, uh, technical… in a technical way, I'll explain to you API… In a class. Yeah? Okay, fine. Karthik, please go ahead.
Um, just one… actually, more of a… not of a question, but of a suggestion that.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, when we do have this Q&A sessions, like, can we limit people, uh, to, you know, just discuss the topic or the previous topics, rather than going for something advanced?
Because sometimes during these sessions, what happens?
No, no, no, seek… seek article, I'll tell you from my experience, that on a first couple of classes, you will fill in that way.
Meet me, uh, there won't be much of doubt. Right? And, uh, slowly and gradually, as we are going to move, so you will be able to find out that there are many people who are discussing things in a group, there are many people who have already discussed in live classes.
So, this doubt will keep on reducing. Don't worry about it, and I never restrict. So even tomorrow, if you have any kind of a question, maybe a personal question, or maybe you would like to talk about something XYZ, which is not relevant to this particular class only, you can come and ask, so that's completely fine. So I never restrict anyone.
Nope. Okay, thank you.
And I'm willing to give a proper time. I'm not limiting that I'm in a 2-hour, I'm going to close this session. No, not at all.
So, unless I'm not closing all the doubt, I'm not going to close the session.
Yeah? Yeah. Yeah, so fine. Uh, Krishna, please go ahead.
Perfect, yep, thank you.
Yeah, hi Sudan Shuk. I've been with you for the far, uh, you know, last 5 years.
Hi, hi, yeah. I remember, I remember. I know your name.
Good. Yes.
We… we just talked, like, every day. Yeah, I had done multiple transitions. I hate to, uh, you know, switch companies.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Considering the work environment, but I do freelancing and all, and I earn more than my salary, just because of.
Okay. Hm. Yes.
Mm-hmm.
I knew. I have been with DataSense. But for the couple of months, I lost the touch of technology due to my client locations and all, so I… curious, like, how did one LLM, you know, one API key gives access to multiple LLMs? That's what I, you know…
Yes.
So basically, okay, okay, so basically you were saying that how, with the help of one API key? See, technically, what we are doing over here, so, for every model, right, so you will be able to see a model ID, so we have already given you the identifier.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Yes, so there is a model ID that we have given to you. Now, whenever you go over here and try to create the API key, so basically, that is just an access point. Whenever we are trying to hit the model, so we are saying that, okay, fine, so just try to hit this model with this model ID.
You are anyhow passing the model ID, right? So basically, it segregates from the model ID. Api key is basically a password. For example, so whenever you log in into the Euron system, yeah, so you log in with only one ID and password, right?
But there are multiple things that you are able to access.
Understood. Yes.
Same philosophy. Yeah, so it's the same philosophy that we need.
Okay, got it, got it, got it. Can, uh, Sudan Shu, can we have this as an, you know, at the end of the project, uh, course, can we have this as a walkthrough?
Uh, it's a complex system. It will take time. Mm-hmm.
No, no, not the entire, not the entire SDK stuff. Like, how can we build a simple AP to access multiple LLMs?
That, uh… see, anyhow, I'm going to teach you hosting a LLM on a GPU, right, and inferencing it, because UD project is already mentioned, right?
So, maybe we'll try to add a couple of things over there.
Yep, yep. Yeah, yeah, thanks, thanks for that, thanks a lot.
Okay, yeah, yeah, okay, thank you. Okay, so, yeah, please go ahead, please go ahead, yes.
Is that true?
Yeah, so I was just saying, this is in line with the first speaker. Uh, considering the data security, uh, so can we… I mean, can you teach us one or two projects, like, how we can build some offline LLMs that can be used within the data.
It's already there, so…
And we can create our own use cases for them. Yeah, I saw you were speaking about Langchain and a few other things.
Good night.
No, no, no, no, no, not Langchen, not Langchain. So here, this section, so Langchen is a framework, so by which you will be able to create agents, basically, and you will be able to do a tool calling. So, technically, you will be able to create agents, or maybe multiple agents, or chaining you will be able to do, but.
Correct, yeah.
As you are talking about, uh, creating our own model, right? On our own data set, this is the section where model, this is called as model fine-tuning. So, we can fine-tune a LLM model, largely model.
We can fine-tune a SLM model, and these are the philosophy, LoRa, Quora. So based on that, we try to fine-tune it, or maybe a quantization. So, this is already a part of your syllabus, where we will be, like, fine-tuning.
That idea.
Okay.
Our own model on my own data, not some open source data. So let's suppose I have maybe a 510 line of data, right? So I'll be teaching you that particular part. I have already taught even that particular part in a complete practical manner. If you will go and check my previous classes. Like, previous life classes, the name was Generative AI with NLP, uh, yeah, Generative AI with NLP, this one.
Lag, I believe some… you spoke something in, uh, RAG class.
Okay.
Generative AI with… Uh, no, let me show it to you. Yeah, this one. So, Genitive AI with NLP, and this was my previous live badge. So, this I have already concluded. This was launched on March 8th, basically, right? In a live mode. So even over here, if you will come, you will be able to see, uh.
8th June lecture, so where I have already taught about model fine-tuning, and that two theory practical C, we are fine-tuning the model based on the LoRa.
Philosophy and Quora philosophy, right? We are fine-tuning on a hugging face. So everything, everything.
I think my video will not be visible, right? This video.
No, that's fine, I can just go and check it out. That's not approved.
Yeah, yeah, so interface is visual, because we do DRM product, right? So, in a screen sharing, it will not be visible. You can go and check 8 June lecture from that one. So, I have already discussed, and even in this batch, so I'm going to discuss in more depth and in a more intense way.
But yeah, that is already a part of… we'll be building our own model as well.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yes, yes, you are audible, please go ahead.
Mm-hmm.
Hi, Sudan Shu. Am I audible? Yeah, yeah, so I have a question. So, you spoke about internship, right? So, is it like, uh… Uh, is it like a project, or is it like you are offering some internship to some candidates, I mean?
No, no, no, so I'm, like, offering you the experience. I'm not offering you any kind of a money, I'm not offering you any kind of a compensation, by the way, I'm offering you an experience.
Uh, because at the end of the day, you need a letter, you have to go, and you have to showcase in your college you are applying for the next project, or maybe just you have to get the experience, right? That, okay, fine, so how real-time project works?
This is where our internship project portal comes into a picture, and there is no separate offering inside this one.
Simple. It's one of the features that we have built for my student, so that anyone will be able to work with respect to a real time, or near real-time projects.
Yeah. Excellent.
Thank you. Yeah.
Getting the defensive, uh, uh, hello?
Good morning.
Hello, am I audible?
Yeah, hope it makes sense. Just wait, just wait. Just wait. I'll come to you. Let me, like, close the previous question. Yeah, so… Please go ahead. The previous one. One by one, guys. There are not much… Yeah, so I think previous people… Krishna or someone was asking the question, right? Regarding internship.
Okay, so question is done? Okay, okay, then great. Okay.
Uh, yes, sir, I was asking.
Hello, am I audible?
Can you call the name Sudan, because it's confusing.
Yeah, please go ahead. Yeah, yeah, I'm calling the name, yeah, I'm calling the name. So please, uh, Jivith, I can see. So, Jeevit, please go ahead.
Yeah. It's been quite a long connecting with iNeuron and you. I think it's… because it's Jenny.
So, I just wanted to, uh, like, discuss with you specifically two things. I just wanted, like, out of curiosity, like.
Mm-hmm.
It might be the starting of the session. So, right now, I'm currently working in data analysis, specifically for cybersecurity domain, in my.
Okay.
Company, but I was just curious, like, how can I use this gen AI learnings.
For my, like, project, I mean, for data analysis in the cybersecurity area.
Specifically, like, apart from chatbot things, so are there any other implementations that we can do?
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Obviously, like, see, even if I'll talk about the security, right? So, in terms of detecting anomalies, previously we used to build a lot of models, but now LLMs are way more powerful in terms of understanding the data, so we are using LLMs.
Even in terms of, like, filtering out, or even in terms of flagging out something. Now, if I'll talk about the data analysis. So, we try to write a lot of formulas over here. We try to write a lot of logic just to understand the data, just to align a data, or maybe filter out the data.
Again, pass sample data inside the LLMs, it will be able to do it without even writing a single line of code, or any kind of a rule, or filtration, right? So, scope-wise, it's too much. Previously, we used to, like, create all of those graphs and dashboards one by one, one by one. Now look into the Power BI, look into the Tableau, everyone has given you the AI assistance.
So, just chat with it, it will be able to create the most of the dashboarding parts, right? Because it understands the data better than you. So, even if I'll talk about an EDA operation, or even I'll talk about the investigation of the data, or postpartum the data, so previously, we, like, look into those data, we try to talk to the client, and then we try to understand it, and there was a lot of back and forth, right? Now what do we do? So, copy the sample data, put it inside the LLMs, or maybe call some APIs.
And, uh, it will give you a better explanation, maybe better than the people or person who is into that business, right?
So, obviously, you know, cybersecurity and everywhere, it's… see, large language model is something.
Yeah.
Which understands, uh, data, which understands something which has been written.
In better way as compared to a human. And that's your quick, quickest possible way, right?
So everywhere, wherever we were using our understanding as a human, we were investing our time, we can just, like, use LLMs. And we are actually using it everywhere.
Okay, and one more thing, like, I remember, like, you were stressing in our previous batches specifically for.
Full stack and the end-to-end things, right? Mainly focused specifically for building, rather than the learning stuff.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So, in today also, is there, like, end-to-end things, apart from, like, uh, doing… implementing specific, uh, modules or something like that?
Uh, which one? Sorry, I didn't get the question.
I mean, like, uh, I mean, it's my, like, understanding from your in-uron batches, so where machine learning or FHVS batches.
Mm-hmm. Okay?
Mainly, like, apart from Kaggle kind of a project, where there was main focus for implementing the end-to-end projects.
So that is… that is… that is there, right? So that is there in all the batches, I would say. So, even here, so end-to-end.
Because I never liked even… if you know, like, in Iran, so I never liked that kind of a project, right? So, that's the reason, so we have this end-to-end.
Yeah.
I have just mentioned IURI itself, that, okay, let's go ahead and discuss Yuri.
Another thing can be bigger than this one, believe me, nothing can be bigger than this very first project, right?
Okay, sure, sure, uh, so thanks.
Oh, okay.
Nothing means literally nothing. It's a real-time system, it's a system that we all are using it, right? And, uh, again, on a scale, just name anything, and that too, with the proprietary model, that too with the open source model, so everything will come.
Just with one single project itself, a first one. Second, third, fourth, again, it is going to give you a lot of different experience.
Switzerland. Thank you.
Excellent, sir.
Yes, I'll call the name, yeah. So, Samir, please go ahead, yeah.
Yeah, so I mean, I can hear you.
Hi, spouse, you can hear me? Yes, so in the platform, I see two similar courses. One is Generative AI with NLP, which we just spoke about a few minutes back, and another is similar, like, FSDS.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So, are we missing something in this course, the bootcamp, or do we have to pick a few topics from the other courses as well?
No, not at all. So, you should not. Just focus on… only on this one, because, see, I keep on launching the batches, that is my job, right? So, obviously, I'll keep on bringing the batches, not just this one, again, this month, next month, and next to next month, every time. And every time, whenever I launch our batches, so what I do is that I try to add some topic, I try to subtract some topic, as per the current trend, which I feel.
Right, as per my investigation and knowledge and the exploration which I do. Uh, but yeah, so at the end of the day.
Every batch is complete in itself. So, just focus on one, don't try to focus on multiple. It's completely fine. This is how things has been created.
Right? Because so many courses you have launched recently, that confuses.
To some extent, that's very much. Okay. Thank you.
No, just one, one, only one. Yeah, at a time, only one. I'll never recommend to go through a multiple things at any point of a time, yeah? Sameer?
Uh, yeah, so don't you, uh, so it's a great landscape.
Yeah, Ramiz Kumar, please go ahead with your question.
Thank you. Mm-hmm.
So, I have some questions from this, and focus system, right? It's just a game like that? It's a kind of a game?
No, it's, uh, uh, not a game, I would say, so just, basically, let's suppose I'm a distracted person, right? So, I see Insta and Facebook and all those things.
Okay.
And during our work. So what we have done, what my team has done that, that you can try to put a timer over here, that, okay, so this timer is running, and then you are leaving all these things apart, and you can try to even, like, uh… because some people, like, you know, like, uh, nature or music or something like that, right?
So there is a technique in Japan called as ikigai technique to focus, basically.
Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm.
To build a focus. So, based on that, we have built this entire thing.
Yeah, nice.
So just a simple, simple app. Just to, like, help you out. Nothing related with, like, this badge or that badge. It's in general. Because nowadays, we all are distracted, are very, very distracted, right? You can keep track of it, that, okay, how much I'm able to focus, how much I'm not able to focus, how many times I've taken a break, or, like, you know, how many times, basically.
Uh, like, I got distracted. Everything you will be able to see, so that, uh, you know, you can be a better person, or better, maybe, anything.
Uh-huh.
Yes, obviously!
Lucas… Yeah, yeah, sounds good. Yeah, my second question is that, uh, the job portal, right? The job portal, we are probably, yes, uh… So, can I also apply the job? Because we usually follow… based on the LinkedIn here. So, how are you going to pitch the jobs?
Can I use this prompt?
So basically, see, like I said, that we are learning, right? So, see, we are not producing a job, we are basically aggregating it, L-A-N-I-N-G.
Yeah, so we are basically aggregating a job from n number of… okay, spelling mistake.
Um, yeah. So, we are basically aggregating a job from the multiple platforms out there so that you should not go. So, basically, when you are going to click on this Apply, so it is going to basically send you on a different, different platform where this job was actually available or published.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Like I said, it's an aggregator platform. Right? It's alligator platform. We are not allowing anyone, or we are not even asking anyone to come and post it. So, for my student, this is one of the services we are trying to build. Uh, yeah, so this gets refreshed in a real time.
Uh, so Wells Fargo jobs… what happened? Yeah, so just to rephrase one… Yeah, maybe… Tom?
No, okay. Yeah, so, yeah, actually, I offered the… no, you guys, you offered the course, various courses. Actually, I bought this course.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Specific course, can I access the recording as for that? Or, can I…
Yeah…
Ah, yes! So, access, which one? If you have bought only one courses, right? See, we have basically two… two planners of now. So, one is a Euron+. Euron Plus means… so basically, in one single plan, everything will be accessible, everything means literally everything will be accessible for the entire year.
And then we have our individual course. So, if someone… and again, Euron Plus is also… because, see, we have launched these live batches, and again, this interview bootcamp is going to come up, right? We have already made announcement. Then, next one will come, then next one will come.
So every month, new, new things will keep on coming. So, just my students are not supposed to go ahead and buy batches again and again and again, at least for an entire year.
So, keeping that in mind, we have a plus plan, right? So, if anyone is having a plus plan, then they can access it for a one particular year.
If someone has, uh, like, taken only one single live batches, then obviously that live batches will be available to you.
Okay, yeah, actually, right now, I bought only live batches, that's why I'm asking.
Okay.
Because you have conducted the wood batch, right? But can't we have a chance to look at the video then? That's why I'm asking.
Uh, no, that is available just with the Euron+, and we are not selling even the previous classes, so that is already a part of, basically, Euron+.
And, uh, yeah, so anyone and everyone, those who's having a Euron Plus, because I think most of the people go ahead with the Euron+.
So, they will be able to see it. But, uh, not otherwise. And again, so those who would like to upgrade, so maybe you can talk to a team, right? And then, like, whatever differential will be there, right? So you can just talk to them.
And then, uh, they are going to give you an access after a payment of that differential, where at least for one year.
Every feature, all the batches, all the materials, everything you will be able to access seamlessly, for one year.
Yeah, so anyhow, even live batches I'm giving you for one year itself.
Okay, that's per only.
So anything and everything comes with one year.
Yeah. I know, uh… Yeah, one more thing, Rishi, may I part, right? And we are able to see the 1-3 model.
Uh, so, are you… can we see there's some different template that only we are able to see 3 templates only then?
Let us show me a…
Where, where? Yeah, so we have given you only 3 templates. I have already mentioned, right? So, only 3 templates we have given to you, because, uh, see, I can create hundreds of templates over here, but again, that creates a lot of confusion with… among the people.
So, keeping that in our mind, 3 standard, polished, well-formatted template we have given to you, and only 3 is available.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
If many people will say that, okay, fine, so try to bring… So, bringing 5 more templates will not be a big deal for us.
But I think it will create more of confusion among the people.
Yeah, okay, nice. And also, for every class, would you provide the assessments for each and every class?
Where are you going?
So basically, I give a coursework, basically. So, I will give you a lot of, like, challenges and a project that is… my very, very old style of conducting a batch.
Okay. Yeah, because why I'm asking for the practice purpose, at least what we learned to the specific class.
Can we implement that over and so it is good to use.
Exactly, so I'm going to give you a lot of coursework and challenges. So, basically, I keep on launching challenges in my badge.
It's a little bit different style that I used to follow. Uh, but yeah, so you will get a lot of work to do.
Yeah, yeah, sure. Yes, finally, one more request, actually. Some more work, John.
Different country is late, right? 11 o'clock or 12 o'clock, something. Right now, my time is almost.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
11 o'clock. So, is it possible to at least get the opportunity to talk, uh, any questions earlier? That should be well and good.
For the restaurant time zone.
No, that's fine. See, believe me, you will not be having a lot of questions, basically on a regular basis.
And, uh, I understand, uh, time zone constraint. So, anyhow, I'm in your group, inside a WhatsApp, right? So, in your time zone, don't try to stretch yourself much, I would say. Take a proper rest, take a proper sleep, and then whenever you are available, whatever question you have.
We are now connected in a WhatsApp group, and we will be connected even after one year.
Okay, yeah.
Right? Even after 5 years. So, it's not like… and it's not like I'm not going to answer. That's the reason, so you will be able to see many of my students, so who are a student since last four years, 5 years, they have done a multiple tension, but still they used to join the batch.
Oh, good. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Right? And still, we are connected. So, I believe in that kind of a sentiment and relation. So don't worry, your question is not going anywhere, and you don't have to stretch much about your questions, so don't think much on that level, yeah?
Yeah, thanks, thanks. Okay, so Ritik, please go ahead. Yeah, ridiculous.
Hello, am I audible? Yeah, yeah. Uh, actually, I went, uh, one year of experience in a Python backend development.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Now I want to just transition into the… Jenny, I asked for the ML or DL is recover this?
Uh, MLR deal is required, whatever portion is required, I will cover. It's my responsibility, not your job.
Yeah. Yeah. Sumit, please go ahead. Sumit Sahu.
Yeah, yeah, Sumit, please go ahead. Yes, yes, you are available. Go ahead, please.
Hello, hello, Suzan. Am I audible? There are a lot of thanks for the opportunity for this course, because I have already a student of your IME and I got transitioned to the… this, uh, DAP.
Let's do it again, then, so… Okay.
Okay.
And, sir, in that, uh, FSD is fast badge, I am a student, so there is… I got a very good… you gave one very good assignment, uh, means, like, uh, to implement all the MN flow and the, uh, AWS stuff. That still helps to get the job, and still it is working also. So, I just want to confirm this batch also. Just the request, sir.
Please do this type of assessment, so it will be modest.
I'm the… I'm the same… I'm the same person, right? So, obviously, how I can leave my old nature?
Yeah.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Yes, it is. Yes, sir, yes, and also, sir, I have another request, so I also want to learn the big data course. I have joined this urine class also. I have joined one class, but due to some other reasons, I'm not able to continue that Peak Data class. Can you just guide me which one to… I can, uh, go through so that, uh, that will also help you, uh.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, so, okay, big data-wise, see, I have created a big data track, like I have mentioned, uh, that, uh.
Uh, big data track is available, but as of now, because of, you can say, procrastination, because of me being lazy, or whatever term, right? So, I'm not able to upload a recording continuously, but as I have launched.
In a hybrid mode. So, obviously, it will be completed. So this is about this one. Now, recently, I have concluded one big data batch in live mode as well, so I think it was a live view. This was the live badge, right? So, this big data, live batches has started December. I think 8 months back, and this patch I have already completed. So, if you are, like, trying to explore up big data immediately, then this live batch is available, but again.
Okay.
The current track which I have released, it is having much more in-depth, like, entire curriculum with respect to our big data. Azure, big data, AWS, Big Data, Databricks, and Big Data Core.
Okay, sir.
Uh, basically. The current track, the roadmap I have created. But, uh… you have to wait for… you have to give me some time, basically, to… for the current one, and otherwise, you can go with the live.
Yeah.
Okay, no, no, I have a lot of trust, because I'm always a student from, uh, that is, currently it is more than 4 years, so I always feel happy with the platform and the University.
Thank you, thank you. Yeah, thanks. Thanks. Again, yeah, Navneet, uh, no, you have not raised a hand. Sam, please go ahead.
Yeah, uh, thank you for the opportunity. Just want to check, so… I don't have, uh, you know, Python coding experience, or for that matter, for the last 5-6 years, no coding experience.
But I'm in IT, so just wanted to check, uh, while I'm starting with this course.
Is there anything that I need to do? Uh, to make sure I keep… my base with the ghost.
Just, just, just, just do one thing. So, I have already mentioned, uh, like, a pre-recorded, uh, basically a fresh recording, uh, Python videos.
More through not all, I would say, but some, starting from the beginning. So that you will be aware about, little bit about the system setup, and a little bit about the variables, or maybe a for loop, while loop.
Okay.
And, uh, again, this is a crisp, short, and precise videos. Maybe I spent 2-3 hours of time, not more than that, because I know it's, like, literally tough for anyone to, you know, complete everything in one go if you're not coming from that background. But yeah, that's just my recommendation. So maybe you can spend next one week of time, and just spend two, three.
Maybe, like, every day, or, like, half an hour, maybe 45 minutes of time, yeah? You will be comfortable in that way.
Okay. Okay, and the other thing… I know I'm being ambitious, but let's say, uh, you know, in future, uh.
So, if I want to, uh, refer to any of the recorded.
Sessions, you know, in addition to the live batches on Saturday, Sunday, let's say from Monday to Friday, if I need to.
If I have some time to refer to some recorded, uh, course.
I am a member of Euron+, so which course should I refer to?
Hm.
Yes, yes. Yeah.
Uh, with respect to generative AI you are talking about? Only with transportation native AI. Okay, so I'll simply say it's just, uh, because we have a lot of live classes, but once you will go through live classes, right, so live classes happens for 2 hour, 4 hour.
Yeah.
So, basically, if it's not your live class, you will find it a little bit difficult, so just go ahead with our roadmap, where inside our roadmap, I have not mentioned a live classes, it's already there, but yeah, I have not mentioned it. I have mentioned, basically, all the recorded one.
Okay. Okay.
Yeah, so just follow along with the track. So, RAG is also done. So, basically, RAG is done from this track, MCP is also done completely. Llm master is also done. Uh, the thing which is not done is basically this one. Nlp…
I think only 3 modules is pending, so in NLP section. Stats, I think, 2 or 3 model is pending. Python core, almost on the verge of completion. So, you can just follow along with this track.
Okay.
Almost this stack is getting completed, almost, I would say. And 3-4 courses already we have completed, NLP, RIG, and MCP, it's already closed, plus LLM Ops, so yeah. Out of this track, so let's suppose in this track, 1, 2, 3, 4.
5, 6, 7… so out of 7, 4 is already closed.
Okay, and uh…
And that, too, in a premium recordings, so basically you will not get bored, and you don't have to go through a lengthy 2 hour of, like, a live lecture.
Okay, and last question from my side. So, I don't have a background on machine learning, etc, but still, I can directly jump on this one, right?
Okay.
Yes, uh, see, all these payrequisite of stats and all these things is not required, right? So, again, we are mature enough to adopt, and we are mature enough to learn anything. Uh, so it's a myth.
That you have to learn ABCD, then only you will be able to form a sentence.
Okay, okay. Yeah, that helps.
Yeah. Generally, people think that, that, no, you have to be a master in a Python, then you have to get a master into a statistics, whole mathematics on a PhD level, you should know, and then you have to learn all those, like, 20, 30 machine learning algorithms. Then, NLP, then deep learning, then computer vision. I mean, like.
A world that doesn't work in this way, and especially the world of AI. So.
Okay. Thank you so much. Thanks.
I never recommend that approach. Yeah, thanks. Okay, so Asis, please go ahead. After that, Ranjit, please go ahead. After that, uh… Uh, yeah, Asis, please go ahead. Masis, your turn.
Yeah, Aziz, you're audible.
Uh, high residence, am I edible? So, sir, my, uh, like, I had some, uh… Basic level of question. So, I'm working as a… support guide, so I do not have any experience on language.
Okay. Okay?
So, like, I'm really scaring about, like, uh, are you going to teach us from the basic level, or, like, uh… In, uh…
See, language I have clearly mentioned, so language I will not teach. The reason is very simple. Uh, it takes a lot of time, because when I say language, so I literally start from a very, very basic. Very basic means, like, a variable declaration, system setup, and all those things.
Right. So, that's the reason, so I have mentioned that, uh, like, uh, mentioned my recording itself, uh.
And that tweets are crisp and precise recording, so it will not consume more… much of your time, and again, you will not feel bored over there. So, I'll simply suggest to you that try to spend next week of time, every day, on average, half an hour, 45 minutes of time, and not complete everything. I'm not expecting that to go ahead and complete everything, no.
Uh, that is not a requirement. I'm just telling you that go ahead and watch.
Simple. Yeah? Just go ahead and watch, and then come to the classes, because even in class, when I will do a live coding, right.
I'll do a line-by-line coding, at least in a beginning. So, once we will be in our mid, then I will start you doing a live coding, I'll start copy and… I'll start doing a copy and paste off a big, big block of the codes.
But initially, I will be doing a live coding inside the class. This is how I take the classes, and line by line, I'm going to write the code, line by line, I'm going to give you the explanation.
So at least you can say, like, first one, one and a half month, or portion.
Yeah? So that even you will be able to revise a Python, or even if you're not coming from the pure coding background, you will be able to cope up. Because I understand that it's a problem with everyone, not just with one.
Right? Yeah. Yeah.
Okay, so sort of, you mean to say, like, in the… Uh, the live AI batch, you already… there is, like, some, uh… Python videos are there, so we just need to ask those.
Yes? Just, just, just watch. I'm not saying that completely assignment, complete everything, no, not at all. That is not required, yeah? See, Python video is already available.
I think you're able to see my screen, right? Yeah, so 38… 38 videos already there.
Yes, sir.
But, yeah, some videos will be, like, having a length of 5 minute, 10 minutes, 20 minute. So, in this way, it's a fresh recording which I have done.
And again, I have a lot of, like, a Python video. In Hindi language as well as in English language, in both the languages.
Okay.
Yeah? So just go ahead and watch. Don't, like, try to give a lot of, like, stress to yourself. See, it's not that tough to learn or code, right? So, it's just a mindset.
I would say. So, if you have that kind of a mindset, a proper aligned mindset, uh, in 3 to 4 months, you will be able to eventually learn and build anything.
Yep.
Okay. So, one more thing, and earlier videos, but the roadmap videos you just told, we just need to learn the mathematics. Some other, other things you have mentioned to learn.
Then after we can be the, like, you know, long runner on this Gen AI field.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So, still we are expecting those things to be covered in this, uh, uh, you know, lightweights.
Hmm, obviously, yes. Yeah.
Okay, sir. So, Sarm Manil, my last question. So, what actually we do in Gen AI?
Like, uh… eh?
Mm-hmm. Uh, for that, you have joined the badge, but yeah, so as a layman, if I have to explain you, right?
V… Gen AI is basically our latest way of doing on automation. See, automation is something that we know since 2-3 decade, right? So, we try to automate maybe some of the processes, or maybe we try to automate some of the systems, machine or framework, by writing some rules.
So this is what we have been doing since the two or three decades. We have been writing our rules that if this is going to happen, then do this, then do this, then do this.
And most of the software industry has, like, been automated in that particular manner so far. Two and a half years back. Now, so now we are talking about, uh.
Automation, right? But in an intelligent way, because these LLMs, right, the large language model, ChatGPT kind of a model, Cloud A, uh… a model from a cloud here, model from a Gemini. So, these can understand, or this is having some sort of a human label understanding in terms of, like, understanding your system or data.
Or maybe a command, or you say anything, right? So, with the help of now this one, we are going ahead with a super automation, and eventually, that is named as a agents.
So once I'll get into agent, once we are going to build the agent, even we are going to automate a lot and lot of tasks. For example, so.
You don't have to go and look into your Gmail. So, your agent is going to reply back, right? So, maybe you are building a support system, so where your agent will be live, and agent will keep on basically replying to your customer. You can try to build, uh, basically, a sales representative. So, where sales representative will be able to call to your customer.
And then it will be able to talk, it will be able to convince, it will be able to even sell the product. And nowadays it's happening.
You must have received a lot of calls from banks, right? Or maybe from some of the, like, startup or organization who would like to sell you a product, but on the other side, it's not a human who is talking, but it looks like that, yes, it's a human.
Right? So again, that is one of the use cases. Let's suppose, let's talk about a movie making, right? So previously, director, producer, and actors, and everyone comes together, they write their script, they do each and everything, they create the movies.
Now we have a, like, a… VO kind of a system, so where it will be able to produce even a movie in a creative way. Previously, there was basically a designer who tried to design a thumbnail and each and everything. Now you can just give one single prompt into a chat GPT, it will be able to design for you.
Basically. So, I think I've given you the enough example, right?
Yes, yes, yes.
And so, these are the things that happen. So, just let's look around you, right? Look around you, look into any apps, just open up.
Any app nowadays, right, so everywhere you will be able to find out an AI integration. Yeah, previously recommended system we used to build, so there was a time two decades back, so when, based on the rules, we have built a recommended system. Then there was a time, so when we had trained our machine learning kind of algorithm, or deep learning kind of a neural network, and we have built that recommended system. Now it's a time for LLMs. Now, even we are using LLMs, even in uron systems, so we have used, technically, LLMs.
To give you a course recommendation that you see in a second and third bar.
So, basically, it's nothing new, I would say, right? Uh, yeah, the approach has changed.
Obviously, right? Previously, it was that we were following a different approach, now we are following a different approach, and we are saying, uh.
Agentic AI, generative AI. The immunity test. Yes?
Yeah. So, sir, my last question is, like. You are, like, you know, just telling it very, very nicely. So, suppose, like, you know.
Mm-hmm.
As a support guy, sometimes we just need to do testing, like, on our project, so I'm working on a banking project.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So, sir, can we complete… after completing this, uh… course, can we do something for our project?
Believe me, nowadays, no one is writing a test cases. It's AI who writes the test cases.
Like…
Uh-huh.
Okay.
So obviously, you will be able to use it directly. Yes. So, no one… who writes our test cases nowadays? I have not seen, like, in the last one year, one and a half year, that someone is writing a test cases even for the big project, right? It's AI.
Which is writing a complete test cases.
So, still in the US, many people choose to write the test cases.
I mean, like, see, eventually there will be, like, a… they will change, they will change the approach.
Yeah? Because I had a lot of, like, a connection with a lot of people from a different, different continent, including a USA, and now people are saying that, yes, now it's open for all of us to use an AI.
No one is stopping us, and again, majority of the company have self-hosted a model in their own environment because of data security and all those things, and they have given an access to all of their people.
And if they have not done that, right. Wait for 6 months, they will do it.
Okay, sir. Sir, for the testing purpose, also, we can use GenAI, but there is, like, some different approaches there. So, are you going to do those things, like, you know, how a… testing perspective, like, how we are going to use for the NAI. So, are you going to take.
The project that I'm going to teach you, right? So, over there, we'll be writing a test cases, but I will not be writing that, AI will write that.
Hello, Susan.
Yeah, yeah. So… Yeah, so, uh, Bhav, please go ahead. One by one, guys, I think we are having an interesting discussion, all of you are enjoying it.
Hello, sir. Hello.
Yeah. So yeah, Babo. And I know, like, this is a day zero, right? So we all have a lot of questions, so it's fine. Yeah, please… Okay.
So I really admire you. Thank you for loving me. I just was having a general question.
So I've been working with IT, like, it's been 45, 4.5 to 5 years.
Yeah, Bevo.
Into some, like, other technical stack, database Linux, Unix, and on Java.
Mm-hmm.
So, I was just, like, pretty much interested to have, uh.
Career transition, because there were no growth quite here, so I had decided to do career transition to some different domain, like data science.
Mm-hmm.
Which indeed, uh, interest to me, but I was thinking, like, if it's… I'm late to have the career transition right now, because.
It's been 5 years, and the industry will expect me to… Be a candidate, having experience of 5 years into that particular domain.
People see Baba, people does that, uh, even after a 12-13 year. And as far as experience is concerned, right? So we all know that inside the IT industry, so 95 or 95 plus percent people are not coming from a CS background, they are maybe coming from a civil.
They're going from mechanical, they're coming from electrical, they're coming from a different sort of a background, and they're still working in IT industry, right? So, this is how this IT industry has been.
Built. So it gives you a leverage, it gives you, like, all the opportunities.
Uh, the only matter of fact is skills. So it doesn't matter whether you have a 5 year of experience, doesn't matter whether you are coming from XYZ kind of a background.
For the IT industry, as far as you have a skill, as far as you can prove it, as far as you can talk about it.
People will give you opportunity. As simple as that.
And I've seen that, like, this is what I'm doing, right?
Okay, thank you.
I'm in the business of teaching, obviously, and especially, you know, upskilling. So, I have seen, and it's my day-to-day job, basically.
So, this is how things work. Yep. Yeah, Namneet, please go ahead.
Kind of neat, yeah, huh. Uh-huh.
I should answer. So, actually, I had 3 doubts. For generative AI nowadays.
All our big cloud, so… Can you discuss all generative AI with cloud? And also, there is another thing. So, companies using, uh, because Python is monolithic, they will work on. So, everybody is looking for is Spark, so… All projects will be there as part, because Spark will require for huge data set, so all… for in the real industry, uh, industrial, so all are for big, uh, led big data.
Thank you for me, John.
So there is no… Python is not useful, so everyone is using Pya Spark.
First question. So, answering to your first question, with respect to a cloud.
So that's the… so obviously, with respect to a cloud, we'll be talking about things in agility, right? Coming to a second question, Spark, right? So basically, a Spark is a data processing engine.
No, not, uh…
Sandeep, please go on mute, yeah. So, basically, see, as far as Spark is concerned, so Spark is a data processing engine, and obviously Spark gives you a leverage in four languages, Java, Scala, Python, and R.
That's completely fine. Now, uh, people are using a Spark framework, or PI Spark, not Python. It's not true at all.
Espad gives you a leverage, obviously, with respect to a huge amount of a data processing, but data processing, at the end of the day, is one of the unit. And that can be, again, done case by case in a different, different manner.
So it's not like 100% people are going to use just a Python, just a Spark. No, there is no dominance of one single ticket stack in any of the industry.
You will be able to find out enough use cases with respect to PI Spark. You will be able to find out enough use cases, even with respect to a core Python, where no Spark engine is being used. For example, if I'm writing an EFL kind of a statement, if I'm writing a simple logic, if I'm writing an algorithm, I don't have to, like, write everything into a PySpark.
Right? Unnecessarily, I don't have to be involved. So, I would say, Spark is also relevant, Python is also relevant. If you know Python, you will be able to write code into a Spark.
The very little amount of her syntax is going to change, uh, especially a Spark session.
The place that you create. Apart from that, it's more like a Pandas library, Python Pandas library, where you will be able to convert your code.
And it will just give you advantages, leverages in terms of speed, basically, because this is what a Spark Engine does. A traditional compiler does in between.
Now, uh, but just as Spark is, uh, like, just as Spark is going to be relevant, Python is not.
Again, not true. So, both will be having, uh, like, equal users, I would say, in a market.
But, uh, if you… if there is a project, uh, can you provide all projects in Spark only, or in…
Not at all, not possible. So, basically, the Yuri API, even the URI that we are using, so we have written the complete backend in a Python itself, and it's working. A thousand people are able to use it.
But the problem is companies are looking for FYI spark only, so because if you go in and interview, nah.
And they're doing an optimized manner. Who… no, no, no, no, no. See, maybe, maybe your company, it's a case-by-case, this is what I have mentioned, right? So, it's a case-by-case, so now you will say that, okay, fine.
All MNC, all MNC, big MNC, everyone, uh, their requirement is by as far.
I'm not certain. I'm… I'm coming from the same MNC, and again, the batch that you have, the group that you have joined, right? So, go ahead and ask how many people are using it, because the majority of them are from MNCs, and probably based on MNs.
But I'm trying to enter Vivna, so everyone, uh, their requirement is FireSpark and Python.
Maybe you have… you have mentioned… you have… you have mentioned big data into your resume, ma'am. Maybe you have mentioned that keyword.
What are requirements. No, I didn't mention big data, but the requirement is Hadoop, as part, every company, their requirement is there.
Um, I will say not a generic one, and if you would like to learn a Spark, I have a big data.
For you?
So, that course is there, but in that RDD part and all other part is not there. That RDD and… so, Spark also, it is a combination of SQL and all.
Fine… That will be uploaded. That will be uploaded.
Yeah? Plus, the live batches which I have already taken in terms of a big data. Over there, again, I have discussed Spark.
Yeah, so again, it's a case-by-case. I'll answer that one thumb rule, and you are going to apply on everything, so it's not like that.
Basically. No, no, let's let Navneet complete his question. Yeah, Navneet, please go ahead.
Sorry to interrupt you, yeah, I'm…
Okay, thanks, Namdeep. Yeah, now, Hemant, please go ahead. Yep.
First of all, thank you. Uh, there are 3 questions that I want to ask. Number one.
Uh, this course name is Bootcamp. Okay, and usually the mindset is.
Mm-hmm. Hmm.
The bootcamps is just the initial, uh… framework that'll be shared, right?
No, I know, I understand, but… By bootcamp, I understand live.
So, are we going to… Okay, so are we… so are we going to… go deep dive into all the concepts that are related with Jennai.
A lot of deep dive, more than that, I would say.
Okay, so that is… and we have another course, uh, that's already there in the Euron platform, that is Gen AI Roadmap.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Will that be, uh, intersecting with the bootcamp? I mean, if we go through that course.
During the weekdays. Will that help us, uh… in learning in men.
Yeah? Mm-hmm. See, yeah, it will help you out in terms of, like, exploring a couple of more topics, I would say.
Uh, plus, there are some people, because, see, uh, we are Edutech, right? So, we keep on getting, uh, different, different kind of a request. Some people say that, no, I just wanted to go ahead with the recording.
Uh, because maybe I have to complete it in a fast track, and I don't have a time to join the live classes. Some people say that, no, I just love live classes, because it brings a discipline into me.
Right? So, keeping that in our mind, we have to offer almost every possible thing.
So, this is where your pre-recorded session, or you can say a roadmap, comes into a picture, which I'm building. Uh, some of the courses is completed, but as I said, it's running late because of whatever you can say, procrastination or laziness.
But yeah, so… but at the end of the day, I'll always suggest you, I'll always suggest you.
Go with only one, right? Because, see, even we have a lot of courses in a market, if you'll go… again, there are hundreds of healthcare companies, hundreds of courses.
Okay.
Everyone is good, right? Maybe equally good. So, I never say that try to distract yourself, because that will consume a lot of your energy.
And your thoughts. So, just go with one, at least for a couple of months.
And you will be in a position, believe me, you will be in a position.
Where you don't need me, you don't need any EduTech, you don't need anyone. You will be… sufficient enough to understand each and everything.
Even if that thing is going to be new for you. So that's something which I use to, like, uh.
Do in my classes. So, the kind of assignment I'm going to give you, the kind of a project by which I'm going to give you, it will make you capable enough.
Okay.
To explore anything going forward on your own. You can't keep on learning something, right? You can't, like, uh… you must be… get into a position where you will be able to understand each and everything on your own.
Yeah, maybe not now, maybe after a year, right? And that's my job to do it.
So, this is how the classes will be conducted, and I never say that keep too much of distraction. Only one at a time.
Okay. Okay. Uh, my second question is, uh. Partially it was answered in the earlier conversations.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Uh, it was regarding the… connection to our own knowledge base.
Mm-hmm.
Now, what are the knowledge bases that we are going to cover in this course? So, for example.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
I mean, the organization that I'm working in. Uh, there is another team, otherwise, who is actually working on integration with the… with the sales data that is coming from Salesforce.
Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm.
To build the RFPs and so on. So what I wanted to, uh, understand is.
In this particular course, are we going to use any sample knowledge base?
To integrate with the general… the LLMs. Because those are the use cases that are being driven in the industry.
Okay, let me show it to you. Uh, is Antique Lang Chain, where is my ROG? Yeah.
So…
Him. Yes?
Okay? So, uh, that… so… hmm?
So basically, we are going to integrate our Euron knowledge base over here, and eventually you will be able to integrate any other.
Okay, so if you're able to integrate even one of the knowledge bases.
Yes. Your data is going to change. Only data is going to change, nothing much.
The thought process, or the framework still remains the same. And when we're going to… and when we're… Correct, correct. And when we are going to do that, uh, are we talking about both the unstructured.
And the structured?
Uh, yes, so mostly, I will be dealing with the unstructured one, complete unstructured one, because if you can handle unstructured, you can handle anything.
Okay, because today, uh. The organization data.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
They are actually… okay, unstructured data is there. Informal document and so on, but most of the data is available in the structured form.
And that is wherein they're actually used… Okay.
It's actually very easy to handle a structured one. Right? So, that's the reasons why I generally like to focus on the unstructured one, and I keep on saying that if you can handle unstructured, then structure is nothing, it's a table, right? So, just a table. We have been processing it.
Since, uh, four or five decades, since the SQL kind of a system exists.
I agree. Uh, yeah, the integration may be… may differ. But what I wanted to understand is.
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Both of these, uh, will be covered. Under part of this, uh, peric column.
Yeah, here, yes. It's already covered. Yep, yep. Any other question, Heman?
Okay, great. Yep. Uh, no, I think that's pretty… I very much look forward to this. I've been waiting for this for quite a while.
Okay.
Just focus on one. Believe me, just focus on one, at least for 3 to 4 months, with dedication. Try to spend a time, enough amount of time, because you need that much of time going forward. The way we are going to conduct these classes, the way you will be able to get a coursework and project work, right? So, you have to invest a time.
But after that, I don't think that anyone has to, like, join any of the classes, not even mine.
Okay, and Sudanjiji, just one last question. My current role is in Enterprise Architect.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So, uh, from the architecture point of view. We're just not… I mean, we need… we need to look at the development. That is one aspect. But there are a lot of other aspects, right?
The security, the infrastructure, and all of those things. Do we really cover those aspects in this course?
Mm-hmm. With respect to modern infra, with respect to GPU, I will be covering in this project, because we are going to use two kind of a model. One is a proprietary model, so which you will be able to call it with respect to API. For example, you have to integrate ChatGPT, right? So, obviously, ChatGPT is a proprietary model. You will not be able to download it.
So, obviously, you have to call the API. That integration will be done. The second kind of a model, for example, a Llama, or maybe a Maverick, this kind of a model. So, obviously, this kind of a model is an open source model, which, even inside the URI, you will be able to go, and you will be able to see.
That we have given the access of our proprietary, like a GPTs and, like, a DeepSeek or Llama, so these are the open source model. You can go ahead and you can download it from the.
Hugging Face, or maybe from a Ulama. Now, so when you are talking about this open source model, and when you have to do an inferencing with respect to this model, you have to host this model by creating your own infrastructure on a GPUs.
Then only you will be able to do inferencing, right? Then only thousands of people together will be able to do inferencing, right? And that, too, on a scale. So, obviously, at that point of a time, you need a proper infra setup. Without proper infra setup, you can't build this kind of a project, right? And not just infrastructure, I would say, even a routing you have to build over here, you have to do a domain mapping, so end-to-end, because at the end of the day, you can't, like, keep a project in a local host.
Yeah, that's a hobby that'll be turning out to be a hobby project otherwise.
That will not be called as a real-time project. Plus, a lot… Another hobby project, right? I don't believe in that part, basically. So, and again, so that's the reason. So, in a syllabus.
Yes, okay.
I keep on mentioning a real-time project, and this time, for this particular batch, I have mentioned this project, which is live, which people are using it since day zero, but we will end up creating that in a class as well.
Okay, so it's really useful to know that it's a deployable solution.
Deployable.
Exactly, and that too… that too, with respect to Gen AI, right? So, deployable solution-wise, it's completely fine, like, we can show our deployment just with respect to Elastic being a stack, or maybe just by using a render cloud, a streamlined cloud, where there will be only one-click deployment, right? Just, like, push your code into a GitHub, and then from there, one click, deploy it, or maybe con- convert that things into a Docker, and then deploy it.
But that is not how real-time deployment happens, right? We create a proper CI-CD pipelines and things will go.
Club looked in, and then, uh, like, it will go through a complete testing pipeline, so from development to a testing to a production.
And, like, we have to follow the proper channel for that one, and that is something which we will be doing here, in this project especially.
So do we also consider the feedback mechanism from the users? I'm trying to address the hallucination.
Um, as a part of this… as a part of this project, like, feedback will come from the student, or maybe you can ask someone to use your project, they will give it to you.
Okay. Okay, okay, when I say feedback, so for example, if I deploy any solution, I mean, right now we're talking about GenAI.
Yeah. Yeah. Hmm.
Hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
But when we deploy a solution to the end user, we need to… develop a next round of features, right? And that usually comes from the feedback.
Hmm, hmm.
Mechanism. Uh, what I wanted to understand is. Do we… do we cover… Uh, on how…
Well, see, it depends upon… it depends upon your user, right? For me, basically, whenever I build something, for example, I was building UD API, right? So, initially, I have given only, like, a 12 model access, a simple input example.
Correct. I… I… Yes, I… mhm.
Then people… then my student has given a feedback. In a multiple group.
Correct. I understood from that perspective. There were… there were a lot of feedbacks that were being incorporated in the solution itself.
And that is how we will improvise, yeah.
Exactly. So we have… Exactly. So we have built that feature, simple. So, if you will look like a video, 3 or 4 months back, right? This menu option was not available, actually.
Okay. Okay.
People have… people have given us a feedback. We have done the implementation.
Okay.
Right? So obviously, like, every product development happens in that way. On days zero, you start with the MVPs or simple POCs, and then eventually you grow… your customer base will grow, and they will keep on giving you a bad or good feedback.
Constructive or destructive one, and then eventually improvise. Uh, maybe product lifecycle follows the same thing.
Yes. Okay, Sudanjiri, uh, thank you so much. I very much look forward to this.
Yeah, yep. Thank you, yeah. Ranjit, please go ahead.
Yeah, can you hear me? Yeah, yeah, number one, thank you very much for putting this course.
Yeah, I can hear you, Ranjit. Yeah, please go ahead.
You know, they're Megan.
And hope you're enjoying, everyone, and hope Ranjit and everyone is enjoying the conversation. I think we are having a very good conversation, very productive one.
Uh… Yeah.
Yeah, okay, I love you, because, uh… Yeah, yeah, I love… I love you, because you're see the first course.
I have ever taken in 30 years of my… career, IT career.
Boom! Thank you so much, thank you so much. You are… you are, like, very senior to me. Thank you so much, sir, for being here.
So, I'm almost 70 years old. Yeah, uh, yeah, almost 70 years old.
Okay. Now, actually, for the past 2 years, I have not been working.
Oh, yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay.
Okay, I'm retired. But, uh, now, uh, then I started.
Okay.
Are you on a website, and then I… it's taking you… started taking your classes, and now.
Basically, I feel like maybe going back to do something worthwhile.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, but I have got a few questions for you. One is… I think I asked you also WhatsApp, Katie, about VLM.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
That is, vegan language model. Do we have any example of a VLM.
Use case in your own platform, or can you create one if we don't have?
Yes.
Uh, yes, actually, uh, same question. Yeah, it was you who have asked me, right? Uh, I remember, yes, yes, yeah, now I remember your name, sir. So… so… Uh, we have not any use cases, so when you have asked me yesterday, which I remember the conversation, so basically, I have asked my team.
To release one model, so where in this Yuri API itself, you will be able to call a VLM, basically. So, my team said that, okay, fine, so by next week.
Uh, we are going to release the API, and once API will be released, I'll create a small POC for you, and please remind me, because of a lot of, like, engagement, right? So I, uh, like, keep on, like, forgetting things.
Hm. Hm.
So, just reminding me, once I'm going to release the API, and uh… again, so I will be able to create, and similarly, hundreds of people will be able to create. I've already asked my team to release the API for that.
It's a very good, because what I see is that in LLM.
You can use only your text. But when it comes to VL.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
None of those, not at all, not at all. So, see, uh, if you will look here, uh, is DK, not SDK, I'll say… Uh, endpoint, right? So, text, that's completely fine. We are using, even for embeddings. Embeddings means converting any kind of a textual information into a numerical space, right? So, we are going to use our LLMs over here. So, here we have given you OpenAI model itself. Now, text-to-speech, TTS.
Mm-hmm.
Again, we are using it, right. Uh, image generation, again, so there are so many… for streaming. So even for a streaming, we have already built the endpoint. Very soon, we are going to use it, and as you have asked, a VLM, right? So even for a VLM, so you will be able to see an endpoint over here. So we are going… I think, yeah, yesterday after that discussion in a group, I have asked my team.
Okay.
I think I have already also pinged, right? Uh, if I remember correctly, like, uh, in a group itself, that I've asked my team, and they said that they are going to do it.
I think I have picked back. Okay. Mm-hmm.
Okay, maybe I didn't check that, but one question. Now, since you said that, this can also be used as a part of VLM, in case. Now, the question to you is that.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
From VLM, I mean that there is an image, and there are questions and answers based on… upon the image.
So, question and answer, because there is some kind of information.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Which can we… would run only from the image, because there are some questions written into that. And then you can find answers based on that.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So, we will be scenarios which you're showing here, uh, generator embedding, or text-to-speech.
That too…
Will this be able to find those answers.
Exactly, sir, this is what the VLM is, right? So VLM simply means that you try to give two kind of an input. One input will be your image, right? And the second input is going to be your question.
So that system will be able to understand your image, and then it will try to give you the answer. That is something technically called as VLM.
Yes.
Right? So, the API endpoint that we are going to release, you will be able to pass two parameters, basically, right? One parameter is your image, any kind of an image that you want, you will be able to pass, and then on top of that, you will be able to pass your question.
And eventually, you will be able to, like, chat with your image.
So that is, that is something that, for that, we are going to lease the API endpoint.
Okay. Good. Okay, yeah, yeah, thank you very much for this answer. There is another question I have, because.
Oh, Mia. Mm-hmm.
You see, there are lots of use cases which were used for machine learning, and from that now.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Welcome, welcome.
Uh, since now LLM. Has taken over. I want to know if you can provide some kind of a… maybe either write-up or not write-up, then some kind of a lecture based on that.
What do those use cases which were used before for ML.
Now, better can be handled with. Llm.
I see. Yes.
Mm-hmm. Lot of use cases, a lot of use cases. It means literally a lot of use cases. I can try to provide you, and even during a classes, that is going to happen, but I think I was answering someone else's question, and someone has asked me that, what is the use case?
Yes.
I think recommender system, we all know, right? So everywhere, whether we go to a Netflix, whether we go to Amazon, whether we go to any shopping website, right?
Yes, yes.
Mm-hmm.
So everywhere, people are using recommended system, yeah? Now, people… so initially, so two decades back, when they have built the recommender system, it was a rule-based, basically. So if this is going to happen, if user is going to do this.
Then do this, this kind of a system, right? Purely rule-based system.
Hmm.
Then, 10-year backs, or 8-year bags, so we have started building that kind of a system with the help of ML model. So, where we try to use the classification model, or we try to use, basically, uh, maybe a distance mapping model.
Right? Or maybe a clustering model. So we try to put the user data into a different, different cluster.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Hmm.
Although maybe I came in clustering kind of approach, or maybe higher clustering kind of approach, we were trying to use, and then we were trying to cluster the user, and then doing a mapping with the product, and eventually it was a recommended system, right? Then, one step forward, five years or six years back, you can say, when deep learning was evolving.
Mm-hmm, yes.
So, we have started solving the same problem with the help of neural network, because neural network can understand a more complex user data in a better way, right?
Mm-hmm. Hmm, mhm. Mm-hmm.
Now we are into LLMs. And we all know the recommended system, right, sir?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, of course.
Yeah? So, yeah, so now the complete phase has changed, now we are using LLMs, because at the end of the day, to build our recommended system, I have to understand my user and my product. Two things. And then I have to do a mapping.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm.
This is something called as, in a layman manner, if I have to talk about a recommended system, what is that, right? So, you have to map the product with the user interest.
Mm-hmm.
In the best possible way, right? Now, to understand the user interest, obviously, I have to know the user location, what user is doing at what point of a time, what is the user clicks, basically, or which point user is stopping, for how long this user is looking at that particular asset, or maybe that particular tab, or something like that, right?
So how soon user is going to do a checkout? I have to analyze all of this data. Now.
Mm-hmm.
Yes. Yes.
Who can understand better than LLMs nowadays? Yeah, so recommended system, we are using a lot of LLMs, and even inside our Euron, so we have built our latest equipment system in that way.
That is just one of the use cases. Now, so we have been using our support system, maybe it's an audio-video-based support system, or maybe it was just a chat-based support system.
So, where, uh, even, like, a 5 or 6 years back, I remember, and even I have worked in a lot of such kind of project, so where we have started building a chat solution.
And if you remember IBM Watson, right? I think everyone heard about IBM Watson?
Yeah? A kind of a chat agent, or kind of a chat solution, which was released 10 years back, right? And people have been using it, and across the industry, everyone has adopted it. So, at that point of a time, we have used our simple NLP model, and we have passed our own data. We have trained it so that it was… it will be able to answer.
Now, no one is even using it. Everywhere it's LLMs. Right? So we are treating our LLMs, we are fine-tuning our LLMs.
So, everywhere, where we were using, uh, AI, majority of times, it's a LLMs, visual LLMs, let's suppose, VLMs, right? Let's talk about that.
So, yes, we have been using object detection, we have been doing our object segmentation, we have been even doing, uh… Object tracking. Now, VLM can do it in a better way. Vlm can detect an object in a better way.
Right? We have been building a lot of classification models in computer vision, in deep learning, in machine learning.
Right? Now, we are not even doing it. Llms can do it in a better way.
Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm.
Right? So, things has literally changed, and uh, yes, obviously LLMs is replacing it, and technically, it's a… you can say.
Modern day of automation, we are trying to achieve it with the help of LLMs. I'm not saying that automation was not there, it was there. Even two decades back.
But yeah, now it's a, like, uh, intervention of LLMs, and with the help of that, we are trying to.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah, thank you.
Basically modify a whole system. So technically, we are in a phase, technically, I would say we are in a phase, where literally we are rewriting all the systems.
That has existed last 2-3 decades.
Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm. No, no, thank you for providing this clarity, but there is one question now. For example, for example, AWS. Aws has lots of, uh.
Uh, services that deal with the chat, basically, Poly, Alexa, and there is… they have the, uh… personalization, and they have. So, all those technologies can be replaced with LLM, that means?
Already done certain, already done. Did Rajad exists, now they are not selling Alexa, nobody's even using it.
But I see that there are still. Lots of openings for those kind of chat boards, which are not even, uh.
Should not be there, because LLM. Mm-hmm.
There, they're… so… so… No, no, no, so because they have to revamp the system, right? So… Like I said, we are rewriting the entire IT infra, technically.
We are rewriting the… we are rewriting everything that we have written in last 2-3 decade.
Mm-hmm.
Now, with the betterment, with the advancement. So, everywhere… that's the reason, so there are so many… so much of opportunity, you will be able to see for a generative AI, or for anyone who understands even the previous technology.
Right? Because to rewrite, you have to understand the previous one as well, right? You can't just go ahead and overnightly replace everything.
So, there is opportunity, obviously. There will be an opportunity, uh, for a very, very long time.
Because we have to remap everything.
So, that means that we are on the right track. If we go and master this, uh, generative AI LLMs and all those… Of course, that's the best. Yeah.
Just as builds are simple. My approach is to, like, build something, like, write a code, build something, break something, right?
Mm-hmm, okay. Yeah. No, thank you.
Um, I don't believe much in learning. So, yeah. We'll do a lot of things. We'll build a lot of things.
Thank you very much. I have no more question at this time, yeah.
Thank you so much. Pleasure to have you in a badge.
You know…
Right.
Thank you. Okay, I'll take a name. I'll take a name. So, next one is, uh, Sariq, please go ahead. Yeah, Sarik.
Yes, I agree.
Yeah, sir. Sharik is here. Sir, my question… my first question is that, uh, is it required after completion of the full-stack data science course, and after that course completion.
We have to do this Gen AI course. Is it required?
Not at all. Just focus on one. Every course is a complete one in itself, right, for whatever purpose I have created. So, and I'll not recommend to go ahead with 2 or 3 at a time, only one. One means literally one.
Okay, so this JNI is sufficient to get a job, is it?
Yeah, any… anyone is, like, aligned in that way. Any batches which I use to launch, right? So every batch is having its own purpose.
And it will be fulfilled in that itself, so for… to do that, I will not say that go ahead and explore this or that, or that badges. No, because I know that creates a distraction.
Right? And we should not, we should not do that.
Okay, okay. Got it, got it. And next question is that, which job role should I apply, uh, to this?
Let's… let's go through a, uh, like, this one, at least for, uh, like, a 2-3 month lecture.
Are…
I'll come to the project part, I'll come to then resume a part, right?
Okay, okay, please. Okay.
And then I will be the one who will be guiding you for that.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, so I have enrolled in your platform, like, for internship, so how do I showcase my… actually, I was… I started a startup for 3 years back, and after that, I decided to come in the industry.
So, uh, how do I showcase that work or anything else in this domain?
So just a moment.
So, just go ahead, pick the project, uh, in whatever domain that you want, because you have an option to filter out with respect to a domain. If that domain project is not available, you can come and request for that project. Team will take it.
No, no, it's available related to Gen AI. There are numerous projects there.
Then simple, start working on that project, maybe alone, maybe together.
Okay, so inside interview, when they asked me, then they will ask me how did you do, or how did you implement these.
Things in your previous projects, so how… how to cope up with that?
Yeah, yes, yes, of course.
Okay.
In terms of showing experience, you're talking about, right? Symbols just try to mention with the honesty that, okay, fine, so I have done this internship, this was this kind of an internship where I have actually worked, because, see, if you're able to justify your work, right.
Uh, everyone is going to accept it, right? Everyone is going to accept it, so just whatever you have done.
Okay. Okay.
Just talk about it, right? Simple. In the exact similar manner, with no modification.
They won't verify these things to the previous company, like, I was a startuping company, so they did not call and.
Say that you did not work, or something else.
Let's say a company does a BGV, so most of the company, especially if I'll talk about the MNCs and product-based companies, they will do a BGVs, and uh… and uh, yeah, startup, so mostly they will not do the WCV.
Okay, so the startup will be the right choice for me.
So, accordingly, you can try to apply. Right choice, actually, for you, even work-wise, I would say, and as you are starting in your career, so I would say, uh, try to work in a startup, at least for.
One year? Yep.
And my last question is that you have the Abni, like, things, like, uh.
Uh, they bought or something else, live interview mode, something like that.
So, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, is it, is it in a process, or…?
That Avani… Avani was there, yeah, Avani.
Yeah, so basically, we are, like, updating the Avni, so soon I'll make an announcement that Avni is back.
Okay, okay, okay. Thanks. I'm extremely waiting for that.
Yeah, so Avni, like, we are doing a revamp, so that… because last time, it was, uh, like, uh, not that great product, uh, it was cracking in between, while… because it's a real-time conversational product, right, that we have created.
Uh, so it was cracking a lot in between, so we have fixed it. Almost work is done, I believe.
In couple of weeks, you can expect. Team is, like, uh, team is doing a final testing for Avni.
Well, yeah, you're told about this. That product is really a revolutionary product.
Yeah, yeah. So, just wait a couple of weeks. Yeah, and this time, this time you will not feel a hiccups, believe me. We have fixed everything.
This time, it's as smooth as, like, me and you, uh, talking to each other.
Yeah, thank you. Okay, so, uh, Ganesh, please go ahead. Hi, please go ahead. Yeah.
Yeah, actually. Uh, I have more than, uh. 10 years of experience in Java cloud technology.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, just why I joined this course. So, is there any bucket, like, for 13, 14 years of experience? What are the things that you should know to that we can create the interview?
And we can start that one, because there are big data.
Then AIE, and a lot of things in this, uh, AI, right?
So, which one… is there any bucket that we can, uh, basically follow?
To break the job.
Uh, yes, sir, yeah. So basically, see, I'll tell you one thing. With a 13-year experience, because as you are going to join as a manager, or… I would say, but on a tech side, the tech side, as an architect, you are going to join, right? So, mostly, see, you have to focus on this Gen AI or Bata, whatever, that's completely fine, but apart from that.
The end-to-end complete system design. And what… because as an architect, from a day zero, so when you receive a project from your client, or when you will start building your own product for your team, along with your team.
So, as an architect, what do you do? So you try to do a lot of discussion with your stakeholder. Then, the second step is, so you try to identify the complete technology stack.
Because there are, like, hundreds of technologies there, right? But in your project, you will not be using all. In your project, as an architect, you are the one who is going to decide that, okay, fine, cloud-wise, I'll be using this. Service-wise, I will be using this. Llm-wise, I will be using this. Or maybe GPU host-wise, I will be using this. So there are, like, again, to build one single platform.
We use our hundreds of services. So, as an architect, you are going to decide it. Then, you are going to club combine and design it, right? That, okay, fine, so catching-wise, this is something which I'm going to use. A DB-wise, which is something I'm going to use. Again, based on your experience and expertise.
And based on the product that you are building for an end user, based on the latency that you are expecting for your end user.
Right? So, I will say that try to focus more on more around this one, because as an architect, this will be required. Now, how you can do it?
How you will be able to gain such kind of a knowledge.
The real way of gaining such kind of knowledge is to build something on your own, at least 2 to 3 end-to-end product.
Not, like, a full-scale product, MVP-wise product, but yeah, you have to build it. Maybe a small one, but a useful one.
Simple. Because when you build one product, right, believe me, you face a lot of hiccup, a lot of hiccup in between, and again, so whether this product is small or big, you will end up using all those hundreds of services.
Right? So, that is the only approach I use to suggest to our people.
And in between, you learn a lot. Right? So, there is a learning where we learn just maybe, like, a… ABCD kind of things? Right.
But after that, how to use and what kind of a word formation I will be able to do.
That you have to explore on your own, and that always comes from the experience. More you will do, more you will be able to get, and I believe 3 to 4 months is more than enough for that one.
Right? And, uh, again, in this batch, the project which I have mentioned.
It will give you ultimate, that kind of experience and expertise. See, I never believe in that, uh, like, uh.
Uh, even if you're a junior, you should not be knowing something which is real.
So, I believe that everyone should know, because we all are mature enough now, we all have that ages, maybe some of us have, like, one year of experience, some of us have 20 years of experience, but yeah.
I always believed that we all can understand each and everything, so keeping that in our mind.
It's for everyone, including user.
Yeah, so… Yeah, so do we also start learning on that big data.
The data sign. All of us.
No, not at all. At the time, one, only one. See, there are a lot to learn in a market, right? And people will keep on guiding you, or maybe distracting you, that, okay, do this, do that. But as a human being, we have a limited time, we have a limited energy, we have a limited capacity.
And more things we explore, we get confused. So I never suggest one way, uh, that approach.
Just one at a time, and then try to leverage it as an opportunity, as a job.
Yeah, thank you, Sudan.
Yeah, yeah, thanks. Keisa, please go ahead.
Thank you.
Yeah, hi, thank you for the insight you shared today. So, with my background and 3 years of experience, so I'm interested in understanding how to best approach the generative AI code.
Like, could you recommend, uh, where I should start, or any… foundational topics I should focus on to leverage my experiences.
I think you're… I'm not clear with your, like, question. It was cracking in between. Can you please repeat once again?
Yeah, Kesha? Yeah. Please go ahead, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, is it okay now, yeah. So, uh, what is the best way, best approach to, for this candidate to a course? Like, could you recommend where I should start, uh, in the foundation?
Nothing, nothing, nothing. Just, just join the live classes. That's the reason, so I'm taking live classes, right?
Okay, okay. Cool.
So don't worry, just join the live classes. I don't keep any kind of a, like, a hardbound or prerequisite, like, a lot of prerequisites that do this, do that, no.
Just join the live classes with discipline, with consistency. That's the only requirement, yeah.
Okay, so, uh, Mahindra, please go ahead with your question.
You know, so I remember we had… We have a discussion on phone, so I just have one question, like, I have around… 14 years of experience in .NET development.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
So, would you please tell me, like, how can I… upgrade myself into Gen AI.
Like, uh, area. So, what I need to learn extra?
Just join, join this lesson. Nothing, nothing, nothing. And I'm covering everything, yeah? Just join it, and whatever task which I'm going to give you, whatever project work which I'm going to give you.
Your .NET… .NET plus, uh. Azure.
So maybe, like, together with your batchmates, and maybe alone, try to do that. You are already coming from a programming background, right? Maybe a .NET, but that's… Well, I mean… That's more than enough, right? So you are basically, from a tech background, so you will not face much of difficulty. You just have to, like, change the mode. Your .NET Azure mode to, like, a GenAI mode, and we'll do it.
Yeah, but apart from that, nothing.
One more thing, uh, like, I'm coming from the insurance domain, so I was searching in the project list, it was not there.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So I requested for that as well, so… how much time it's normally.
Insurance, right? In S-U-R-A.
Take… yeah, insurance.
Uh, okay, so you have already… you have already submitted your request, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Then… then not an issue. Team will do it. Approximately, they take 2 weeks or 3 weeks of time, because they have to create a PRDHLD, LLD, and all these things, right? So, generally 2 to 3 weeks they used to take, uh, and they will upload it, if you have already requested. If not, so you can go ahead and request it.
And if done, then leave it to your team. They will do it their job.
You know…
Yep, yep.
Okay, thank you, Seth, because. That, uh, because, uh, it's hard to… transition from one technology to another technology on this.
Believe me, it's not a… no, no, no, it's not hard. I have seen people with a 20 year of experience.
Like, uh…
Okay, thank you, thank you very much.
It's, it's the easiest act… it's actually easy. And especially, like, if you're coming from the relevant background, like, tech background, so, yeah.
Okay, so… Thank you, Takeria. So, Somis, please go ahead.
Hi. Yeah, yeah, good morning, good morning.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
Good morning. So, here, um, I'm… for my background, like, I have more than a decade in IT, but I was a Oracle developer, and uh… and recently, like, 6 to 8 months, we have started working for… in Python PySpark, okay?
Uh-huh, mm-hmm.
But… and we are actively using Copilot as well, but here the thing is, recently this API and tokenization, everything comes up in picture, and that is… by theoretically, it is quite, uh, for me, it is, um, quite difficult to understand.
So I can see in this Gen AI course, we have API and everything.
Mm-hmm.
And… but, um… So while going through the course, so the reason is, like, we have read theoretically, but I've not implemented, so it is… for me, it is not… I'm not able to understand.
So, while going through the course, are we implementing what, like, are we going to know what is, uh, the API and how we are going to implement the keys and token, or we have to… go through a different course of yours to understand what it is and how to implement it.
No, no, no. I'm going to teach you… so, see, I completely understand that many people, even if they are aware about basic of Python, but they may be not aware about how to build an API.
Right? Uh, with the help of Flask, or maybe with the help of FastAPI. So, first of all, I'm going to teach an API part as well.
I do know that people are coming from maybe a programming background, but many of us don't know that that's completely fine, right?
Uh, so I'm going to teach you that API part, plus.
As far as Yuri API is concerned, so I'm going to teach you that one as well. So, I think that I have already mentioned a part of syllabus. If you'll go to this one, Yuri API system.
Yes.
Api resume. So, I'm going to teach you that, okay, how to use this API, that API, how to use this model, that model, how to do an inferencing, basically.
In a Python. So everything will be done by me, uh, you don't have to worry about it. You just have to, like, do your coursework, that, okay, fine. Whatever task which I'm going to give you. Apart from that, nothing. All these things will be called by me.
Because it's not just your problem, it's everyone's problem, actually. So, obviously, I have to handle it.
Okay. Sure, sure. Thank you very much, I'm sure. I'm good.
Yeah, yeah, thank you, thank you. Yeah, Ramesh, please go ahead.
Yeah, so students, I have some question on this. So, the Python is monolithic.
Mm-hmm.
I'm right. So, how can we… Actually, this Janai project to Scalable.
Scalable or distributed patient. So, can we leverage within Spark.
Certainly, scalability… cell scalability and distribution doesn't come from the monolithic or microservices that we used to build. So, it comes from a lot of context. Scalability-wise, so if you're going to spawn a machine.
Obviously, even from there, you will be able to get a scalability, so where it is going to reduce the latency, and obviously, like, you can just, like, take a hit of 10,000 requests per second, or maybe even in a microsecond. Distribution, again, doesn't come just from that one. It comes from an SDFS kind of a system as well, right? So where you will be having a master-slave kind of architecture, where you will be having a worker node, and then you.
Have a name node kind of a system, and it is going to basically send a request based on the availability. So, as far as scalability and distribution, or, like, this, uh.
Actually, does it support this kind of genai projects lens? Landchain and land growth. We can support with the distributors.
Exactly, yes, yes. Yeah, so… Exactly! It does support, see, distributed system or bringing something on a scale.
It is an engineering problem in most of the cases, right? Not a framework problem.
Doesn't matter which framework you are going to use, it's the way that how we are going to configure the entire project, how I'm going to host it, how I'm going to take… how I'm going to take the request from the user.
Right? And then how I'm going to serve those requests to a user. So it's more like an infra problem, it's more like a, uh, I would say an engineering problem, and a configuration problem.
Right? So, uh, doesn't matter whether I'm using, like, a Langchen, because, see, Langchain, Llama Index, Lang Graph.
Okay.
Uh, people are using it on a scale to serve their millions of customers.
Mm-hmm.
It means I can distrib… I can create… I can just host it, or I can just convert this entire thing as a distributed system. It simply means that I can just use it for a scale.
Right? Even, even, even… yeah.
Yeah, but when we… Yeah, you know, like, when we… when we write any script in Python, it can run in the specific message, right?
But it cannot be distributed. And pay them.
No, no, no. So, this is what I'm trying to say. This is what I'm trying to say, that to which machine I'm going to send a request, that is more like a configuration that I can do, that is more like a.
Okay.
Engineering problem that I can try to solve. That, okay, so maybe I have a name node over here, and then this name node is serving the end user, I can say, and then whenever this gets a request, it is already aware about a fact that, okay, I have a 10 machine available, right, 10 machine available.
So, basically, this machine is available, this machine is available. So, just try to send a request over there. If this machine is busy, don't send it, right? And in every machine, there is a Python code which I'm running. Same code.
Okay, okay, yeah, we'll be running the same code of Agresta machine.
Is that level we run the same code, exactly, right. So, whether Python is going to support it or not support it, doesn't matter.
I don't even bother about that, right? If it is supported, that's completely fine. If it is not, it's completely fine. I can configure my entire system in that way.
There's only… it's ugly.
Microservice, like, okay, fine. And, yeah, and, yeah, and one more reality problem, uh, church has, uh… Uh, the APA heating, right? So, APA heating is a, uh, is an expensive process.
Mm-hmm.
So, in real-time project, can we… can they download the model in local and… run the architecture, or how are they doing, performing the real-time projects?
Asib, uh, if you are going to download a model, so whether it's possible or not.
Are they going to get it?
Indeed, it's possible. There are hundreds of models you will be able to find out on a hugging Face or on a Ulama, so which you can download it easily, right? So, all of this model, just go to hugging.
Phase, and then from here, so you will be able to download all these LLMs, or… this is one of the platforms, you can click on models, and then you have this one, right? So you have all these things, and you can download any kind of a model, not just LLMs, but even for our vision, even for our NLP, you will be able to download the model, or maybe go to the.
Yeah, right, but in real time, which approach would they prefer? Uh, local?
Ulama. Right? No, you know, coming to that point, coming to that point, right? So, again, over here, so you will be able to get the models.
Mm-hmm.
Now, if you will see the size of this model, so for example, if I'm going to talk about a deep-seq R1, 70 million parameter model.
Right? Now, also, what would be the size? Size is 5.2 GB, just a model size, right?
This…
Good.
Just the weight size is 5.2GB. Now, if I'm talking about the 671 billion parameter model, so 671, it's a 404GB.
Right? 404gb. Now, let's suppose if you're going to use this particular model.
Mm-hmm.
In the local system, it's near to impossible that you will download this model, and then you will be able to do an inferencing, your entire system will be choked, and even in next 24 hours, it will not be able to respond back to your query, yeah. So, if I'll talk about just 9GB model, 5.2GB model, 1.1GB model, it will work.
Right? It'll work. I have even created a video that how you will be able to configure your model in local with the help of Olama. So, if you'll go to your own website, your own YouTube channel, you will be able to find that. And, uh, in a very structured manner, I have discussed that particular part as well.
But, practically speaking, this model, I can inference in my local, which I have shown.
Right? Which I've already shown. But at the same point of time, this model, I can't inference in my system, although, if I'll show you my system configuration, so it's actually a heavy machine that I'm using.
So, here, uh, if I'm going to show you, so I have 96GB of RAM, 6TB of hard disk.
24 GB of a dedicated GPU, and then 48GB of a GPU, right? So, I have a heavy machine, but still, in my machine, I can't do the same thing.
This is straight.
Even though I have a 96 GB of a CPU. Right? So, basically, so you can't do it. So now, if you can't do it, you need what? You need a cloud platform.
Or maybe some bare metal. Right? Maybe some…
Okay, so, so, yeah, as per the pine nut, the pint will be performing the real-time project to running cloud.
Mostly, mostly.
Exactly, exactly, right? That open source model is available. If your company is having a concern that, no, I want everything in my system. Means, their cloud.
Not somewhere else, right? In their cloud, because they have some, like, issue with our data, that my data should not go to any, like, a GPT or, like, Cloudy or someone. Right? Though, in that case, you have to ultimately host your model on a cloud, and only from there, you will be able to do the inferencing, and you can expose it to our end user.
Right? This is what has been done, even here, for the open models. For these models, we are even calling, like, an API, because GPT is not open source, right? For the open source model.
Host it, then… giveaway inferencing to the end user.
Yeah, so would they also compromise with the security? Because maybe.
The data sent back, right, through online. More important back.
There's a majority of companies having that concern, actually. Yeah, majority of companies having that kind of a… See, both the approaches are costly. Even if you're consuming an API from someone, it's not cheap. Apis are, at least for now, this year, it's not cheap. Maybe going forward, it'll be cheap, right? So, as general industry, and.
Plus, hosting your own model on a cloud, and especially a model like this, right, and inferencing it.
Mm-hmm. Go ahead.
Again, it's not cheap. Even on a cloud. Right? But again, so majority of companies try to, like, go ahead with this approach, because they have to do a fine-tuning, that's the first concern, maybe on their own data, right? This is what Gen AI engineer does.
The second one is basically, like, a security concern, that I don't want to share my data or send my data to someone else's else server.
Yep.
Yeah, so again, case to case, but yeah, there are some companies who just go and use, like, a model directly, and again, there are many people who are building their product, their startup, they're using EuroAP system, our API system.
Well, is there one more one system, okay?
It's my, like, yeah, it's a uran system.
Okay, okay, sure, okay. And one more final question, can we integrate Spark with the Gen AI project, uh, Spark later application?
You can see a spark. Spark is just a processing framework, nothing more than that, right?
Nothing more than that at all, literally nothing more than that.
This view.
So, you can integrate Spark everywhere, wherever you have to, like, do a data processing and… See, even Spark, right? People say that Spark is fast, but.
Let me tell you one thing. As I'm coming from the big data background, and from, like, at that time, when big data was very new, right? So, Spark is going to perform better in a distributed machine, not in your local machine.
That it is correct.
People say… people think that, okay, fine, I'm going to use a Spark, and it is going to solve all the problems. No, it is not going to solve all your life problem with respect to latency and speed, not at all.
Again, you have to go ahead with a distributed computation, because if you're going to run Spark in a standalone mode, it's as good as writing a plain Python code.
They're really impairment.
And, like, you will not get much of benefit. So, again, it comes from that qualification, and Spark is just a framework. You guys use it.
Right? Just like any other language. Yep.
Yeah, thanks. Uh, Siwam, please go ahead.
Yeah, sir, I am notable.
Yes, you are audible, loud and clear.
Actually, I want to join as a data-energist. I have also started learning generative AI from today.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
But now I'm a little bit confused about what I should focus on more.
Only one at a time. I keep assessing everyone, don't do much, don't do two things at home.
I… Yeah. I feel like generative AI folks are not easily available for pressors, so I'm seeking your suggestion.
No, it's actually available more now. So, it's actually available more, as compared to Data Analyst.
Data analyst is quite old, but Genitive AI, yes, it's actually available for a fresher.
Should I focus on generative AIO data in this role first?
What are you in conditions? As you have already joined, I'll say yes. Give a time of 3-4 months just to this one.
Okay, sir, thank you. Yeah, yeah.
See, both are good, I'm not saying that, uh, data analytics, because I'm taking those classes as well, so obviously, I can't say that, like, data analytics is an irrelevant one, but, uh.
One at a time. Yeah, and if you have joined this, then go ahead with this, only.
Yeah, Arman, please go ahead. Yeah, Aramadan.
Arman, I'm audible to you. Perthius, please go ahead. Anil… yeah.
Hello, sir. Sarah Madibil?
Yeah, Brutus, please go ahead. Yes, loud and clear. Go ahead.
Yes, sir, I just entered my fourth year, and from a background perspective, I have some, uh, built some projects around Android.
But I think now it's better to delve into AI. So… and sometimes I also feel that I'm lagging behind. So, sir, any guidance as a fourth year?
You are even… first off, first off, yeah, first of all, see, you are too young, and I know the dilemma, I can understand the dilemma. We all have gone through that phases.
So, uh… You have a time to explore multiple things. I'll say, like you said, Android, and then someone may be advising you for AI.
Uh, go ahead with one, as you have joined this one, so just go ahead with this. Then eventually, explore Android as well. Who is stopping you?
Right? And it's not late for you, believe me. It's… you are in a very, very early stage.
Yes, sir. So, sir, for the next 3-4 months, will it be good to only focus on Zen A?
Yes, only, only. One at a time. If you're focusing on Android, don't come to Gen AI. Then just focus on one, because you have a 24-hour, right? Out of that 24-hour, you have to go… you have to sleep for 8 hours, you have to eat.
Right? You have to complete your daily routine, plus you have to go to your college, and you have to do everything. So, again, whatever you will do, your time will get divided from that 24 hour itself.
So that's the reason focus only on one, with the. Full capacity.
Yes, sir. Sir, one more question. Sir, what to expect from the job market nowadays as a fresher?
Uh, see, you should not keep any kind of expectation. Job market will always give you a reward based on your skills.
Simple. Yeah, yeah. Okay, Ayous, please go ahead. Nova is asking your recommendation for purchasing a laptop and desktop for a future-proof. My old system is 7-year-old.
Oh, Andrava, if you are upgrading your system, then go for any i9.
Iron with the GPU. Yep. If you're upgrading it.
Yeah, I use, please go ahead, Ayos, yeah.
Uh, I recently started… I actually am from Nepal, so I've been following your work since the Neuron days.
Mm-hmm. Thank you.
So, I recently… it's been a year since I've started, uh, my job as a research AI engineer.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
In Nepal. I work in a fintech company. So basically, now, with our focus on generative AI, we're especially looking into, you know, newer.
Reinforcement learning techniques, such as our LHF or RLVR. So, my first question is, will you be covering all this topic, including GRP?
Our village of… I'm covering, yes. In this one, I'm covering, that one.
Mm-hmm.
And the other question that I have is, since I work in a fintech background, all the… Uh, text generations or GPT or BERT, whatever we use. Uh, what we are majorly asked is we need a lot of reasoning models to be developed.
So, will we be covering, uh, chain of thought, supervised fine-tuning, and all of that stuff here also?
I'm doing, anyhow, I'm covering chain of thought, I'm covering, though, yes.
Yeah. Yeah, thanks. Yeah.
Okay, okay, thank you, thank you, that's all.
Uh, okay, so next is who can go? Vedant Ya. Vidant, please go.
Govidand, uh, next to Mohan, you can go ahead with your question, if I'm not available to do with Lant.
Yeah, Mohan, please go ahead.
Yeah, uh, hi. I'm coming from the data engineering background, especially in, uh.
Mm-hmm.
From the Databricks side. So, see, recently, there is a lot of, uh, innovation from Databricks, uh, regarding Gen AI. They have.
I believe, you know, abstracted away a lot of difficult things, and, uh, you know.
For developers like us, data engineers and all, it's easy to build, uh.
Things in, uh, you know, our Databricks. That's what I have understood from the demos and all.
Mm-hmm.
So, um… For someone with, you know, experience in, you know, big data and all.
I want to add, uh, this as an extra thing into my skill set.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So, when I learn about your course, uh, do you think, like, this will be, uh, going into the, uh.
Instead of abstracted things, it will be going into the lower level of details, which will give me more in-depth knowledge about.
Very low, actually, very low. Low means when I say low, right, it's absolute low, which we will try to touch.
And then we are going to explore a new topic, not on a high level. I never believe in high level, basically.
Yeah, so basically, if I learn your course. It will be easier for me to develop things in these, uh, you know, platforms, which is abstracting away all the complexities and giving you a… higher-level tools to build, uh, things in a faster, uh, uh.
Rad method. So, this will be good for me only, right?
Indeed, indeed, we are going to do it. We are going to develop first here itself. So, such kind of platform, right, such kind of platform, we are going to build it here.
And then, obviously, as you are coming from a background where you have learned a Databricks, and around that ecosystem, and you have seen that, at least, right? Or maybe you are using it, so you will be able to develop, and you will be able to add something on top of that.
So, are you going to do any project in the database, like using Genie, or Playground?
I have a big data for… I have launched Big Data for Databricks for that one.
See, the… See, the thing is… yeah, yes.
But that is big data specific, right? But, uh, generally, when you… most of the people in…
Okay, I'll tell you one thing. See, there are Databricks-like, there are other template form.
Correct, yeah.
Right? Again, they are trying to leverage, uh, generative AI. Right? Now, in a syllabus, practically, it's impossible to accommodate each and everything, so… whatever I have mentioned as a syllabus, I'll be covering from a very, very low level. Believe me, after that, you will be able to use it.
See, at the end of the day, database plates you what? A kind of a unified interface, where you can write a code, you will be able to create a workflow, you will be able to schedule, and eventually you will be able to trigger a particular job.
This is what Databix does, right? Fine, whatever you are going to build.
Just copy and paste the same thing over there. But class-wise, if you're going to ask me, there are hundreds of other tools and technologies.
It's practically impossible for me to accommodate everyone, because everyone will come and say, okay, discuss this, discuss that, discuss this.
So, again, this is going to create a lot of discussion for… distraction for me and for other people as well, right? And in that case, trust will not go anywhere.
I'll try to strict myself just towards a syllabus. Explore that, and then if you're looking for some advice, apart from, like, the content and curriculum which I've mentioned.
Feel free to have a discussion. I never say no to anything.
Yeah. Yeah, understood. Uh, see, basically, you know, most of the people when, even in YouTube or anywhere, right, they will give the straightforward scenarios which most of the time in production, productionized system.
It doesn't work like that. And most of the people, you know, exclude the cost factor, which is very, very much important for the enterprise, because each and every line that you write.
Is actually costing, especially in the cloud scenario. So, most of the people nowadays, you know, who are implementing things without understanding cost factor and end of the day, many projects are not going to production because of this cost escalation, and which is being…
Escalator to the vendor itself. So, the cost factor and what are the best practices, and how to…
I will be talking about the optimization scalability, because this is where the major cost factor comes into picture. If we have optimized your product, uh… Till a lower label, then again, whatever cost it will give, it will give. As simple as that, right? So, I don't believe in a cost calculation, I believe in a technology selection, I believe in an infra selection, I believe in a scalability, I believe in a optimization.
Simple. And then eventually, you can calculate the cost. So I don't discuss the cost part, but yeah, I do discuss about the optimization.
And, uh, about, uh, once you productionize, right, the observed… observing the performance of the model.
Is it, uh, you know, the… where does this.
In case of… in case of LLM, in case of LLM, you don't absurd the performance, because LLM is LLM, that's fine. Uh, yeah, there is… there is something called as, like, a… So, let's suppose if you are using a Lama model, right?
Accuracy, accuracy I'm talking about.
Over there, what accuracy you will try to check. Yeah, that is one of the case, right? Let's suppose I'm talking about second case. Yes, RAG. So, where we are trying to give our own knowledge base.
And with that, we are trying to tune and we are trying to train it. So for RAG, so obviously, the time you are going to build the ROG system, you will try to build an evaluation mechanism as well. So that evaluation mechanism will work while building it.
And even in a production, so you have to apply the same thing. Third part is, so let's suppose I have fine-tuned my model. So again, over there, so you will try to do a pre-evaluation, and then even, like, a post-evaluation, uh, you are going to do.
So, yes, we do apply, and that's a very normal thing that we do everywhere in the model.
And, uh, nowadays, you know, most of the people are, uh, you know, very much concerned about the, you know, our… They are focused on the A guardrails, right? Anything related to that? Are you, uh…
Mm-hmm. Uh, yes, even recently, right? If someone would like to, like, learn a guardrails.
So, I have already discussed, there was a batch in RAG. Recently, I released the video. Someone has even asked me, like, uh, in my group.
This hybrid, and here… If you would like to go ahead with that, you can just try to go ahead with that. So, these are the guardrails, right? So, basically, a rear anchor BM5 scoring, benchmarking, basically, we are trying to do, or re-ranking the model.
So I've already discussed, if you would like to go ahead with this now, you can just go ahead with that. Otherwise, wait for your live class.
Sure, sure. What about MLflow? Are we going to use that?
In this one, I'm not covering MLflow. It's, uh, I used to cover MLflow in my ML lectures. So, we already have a course even for MLOps. Uh, you can try to, like.
Uh, check that part, so MLOps, we have our multiple version, and it's already covered in detail, but not in this one.
Because, like I said, people will keep on asking, like, 10 things that discuss, are you discussing that, this, no.
That's the reason, so we have a particular syllabus. Whatever is mentioned in the syllabus, I'll just go ahead with that. If you're looking for something else, uh, we have that, maybe. You can go and explore. And mostly, you will be able to find out everything on Elon platform.
But everything I'm not going to discuss in every batches. Yeah.
Understood, understood. So, basically… how long we have to, I mean, daily, how much time do you think we have to… We'll see. Bye.
Sorry, let's see, everyone's capacity is different, right? We all are human beings, and obviously we have a different kind of energy, we have a different kind of a talent, plus experience, right?
Uh, on an average, I would say, uh, initially, try to spend 1 or 2 hours. Eventually, when I'll give you a task, let's suppose that task is going to take a 20-hour effort, or 30-hour effort in terms of building the end-to-end project.
You have to put up that much of a word. But initially, just for the learning as you're starting, maybe one, one and a half hour regular basis is more than enough.
Okay.
Tasks, it takes time. So it takes time. And you have to build it. If you're not going to build it, again, that will be your choice. I can't force anyone, by the way.
Right, uh, because we are not in a college, uh, or schools, uh, we are in a professional journey.
Uh, but yes, I strongly recommend you to complete those challenges and tasks which I'm going to give you, which is a time-taking thing.
Because that… that will… that is the only thing which will give you a real-time expertise.
Yeah, so, see, with experienced people, right, generally people, uh, nowadays, you know, expect a multi-cloud kind of.
Skills, okay, and I'm mainly into… I show that I will extend… I show that engineering components.
So, uh, do you think, uh, for the time being, at least, uh, go with the Azure, uh, B stack and the JNA tools in Azure?
Go with only one cloud. Aws is also fine, Azure is also fine, GCP is also fine.
And then…
Mostly in my classes, I will be using, like, this one, uh, AWS.
Kind of…
Uh, for Azure, I have a course, Big Data with Azure. That course I have already launched. Even we have a Genitive AI with Cloud. Over there also, I'm covering.
All the cloud component. Small, small component, from all three cloud, I'm covering.
But in this one, for hosting and deployment, we need a cloud platform, and Majorly, I will be using AWS, at least for this batch. But yeah, if you're looking for something different.
Like I said, on the non-platform, you'll find everything. In a batch, I'll stick to syllabus, because you must have heard the… other conversation, right?
People will come and say, are you discussing this? Are you discussing that?
I say, only syllabus.
Yeah, that's true. Okay. Thank you.
Yeah. Okay, fine, no, thank you. Uh, next, uh, who would like to go? Uh, so, yeah, anyone.
Yeah, Ujjal, go ahead.
Start, uh… Uh, hello, sir. Uh, like, I have been associated with iNeuron, so I'm… I'm your student since 2022.
But I was not able to, uh, do a transition into data science that time.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, okay.
So I went in the observability domain. And in that, I'm working in a customer-facing role with the enterprise customers of India, like fintech, gaming.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Media, all those customers. So, sir, I am in customer-facing role, where I do POC, RFP, and then onboarding of our product, which is in the observability domain.
Mm-hmm.
So, what will be the impact of the AI, sir, on customer-facing role-like solution consultant or technical account manager? So.
And how does Gen AI will help. Uh, like, I'm speaking to my customers who are already.
Interested in their building models, and they are trying to monitor.
Uh, their models and LLM models. So, as a customer-facing role, like, how this will help me, sir? Like, learning this Gen AI part.
What problem we are solving for the customer, first of all? So, what kind of problem are you solving? Or maybe your company.
So… so… Yeah, so usually, like, I speak to the stakeholders, SREs, developers, solution architects, who are basically monitoring their technical stack, like, their application, APM performance, like, metrics, events, logs, traces.
And, uh, then monitoring of the tokens. So we… we have all those integrations in our product.
Mm-hmm, mm.
Mm-hmm.
So we do monitoring of Databricks, AWS, Azure, mobile monitoring, browser monitoring, like, how page load is there, and all those Google Core Web Vitals.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So, I understand the tech stack, like, infra. Infra and cloud and Kubernetes, all those monitoring we are doing, and now we have started monitoring of LLMs also.
So, that is what my question is, like, if I am in this, uh… Customer-facing role, like, shall I stay in customer-facing role, or shall I… become some kind of architect, so that I can also build something by myself, rather than.
Staying as a consultant.
I think going forward, going forward, your path will move towards an architect, but yeah, so that depends upon the role that company is going to give you, or you are going to take it, any, like, both the ways.
Hmm.
All right. Uh, but, uh, yeah, so, uh, basically there is a scope. People are doing it, so you will be able to do it.
Okay, in my company also, like, there are some roles, like product manager, AIOps, and all those kinds.
Mm-hmm. Don't go for product management, but yeah, go for the tech one.
So I'm thinking that maybe if I learn this gene, either I can go, uh… Okay, okay, okay. Because my, uh… Uh, my experience is, like, uh, 4 years in observability, and total is, like, 13 years, so… That's what I… I have been in the customer-facing roles only.
Mm-hmm.
Because some of this thing is also good. I think it's a stable job, and it's not moving anywhere very soon.
So, will AI impact, like, uh, like, POCs, RFPs?
Okay.
Right, uh, because every company has to, like, handle it and has to run the business, right? And that, too, with respect to a customer. Doesn't matter how many machines we are going to deploy, or what kind of AI, at the end of the day, we have to sell AI even to a customer.
Hmm.
Right.
Sure, sure, and okay. So, like, companies like Redis, GitHub, so, like, they, like, they have also approached me on LinkedIn, but I was afraid that I don't know.
All these things, so I have not given any interview, but.
Hmm.
I have seen, like, they found my profile suitable for, like, technical account manager, because they want to sell RADIUS Databricks, and all those…
Hmm, hmm. Exactly, you see, this is not going… see, it doesn't matter what tech you're going to build, right? Uh, how advanced the AI will be. At the end of the day, every company has to generate a revenue.
Mm-hmm.
And that is going to come from the real human being.
Yeah, so I'm inside a techno-functional role, so would you suggest, like, learning?
That is actually better, I would say. That is actually better, because it's tough to replace.
Okay. Okay, yes, sir, okay, okay.
Fine. So, I'll just learn this genei so that I can speak to my customers confidently.
Yeah. Exactly, exactly. And you can propose, like, a 10 other solution which doesn't even exist.
Yeah, okay, thanks, yeah. Okay, go ahead, Vikas, Vidant, anyone? One, one person, anyone, yeah.
Uh, hello, Sudancho.
Yeah, he actually answered. Yeah, hi, uh, Sudan Shu. This is Vikas. So, thank you so much for giving this opportunity. Since 2021, I have been associated with you.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, because…
Thank you. I think we did a good job in previous company, I believe.
The iron side. Alright, so, uh, you know, like, uh, I have… Yes, yes, yes, yes.
So, uh, so for this, I mean, you know, like, uh, currently I'm working in a startup, it's my own startup.
Uh, previously I was, you know, into the data science, then I moved into the core product management.
With the essence of data science. Now I am feeling challenged because now it is the market is in dip, okay.
Uh… huh.
And the complete business side. You know, and balancing the technical aspects. So now, again, I'm moving into the technical product management.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
So does this definitely help me, or should I go into the core? I'm in engineering again, uh… Yes, yes, yes.
Technical product management, right? I'll say it's a dicey one. Go into a core herbals, not immediately, it's not an immediate threat, but what I see.
Yeah.
Oh, that's not… Hello, wait longer, listen.
Sneha. Sneha, could you please mute?
Going… just weight by weight. So, uh, basic… what I… Okay, let me, uh, let me… Hi, I have muted, not an issue. Yeah, so what I will, uh, suggest to you that, that, uh, try to get into a complete, like, a technical one. That will be, like, much better going forward.
Product management, uh… because, see, uh, the thing is that generally, as a product manager, right, when I see someone, when I talk to someone, so I just get a feeling that, okay, fine, so you are the one who think about the new feature, or maybe the aesthetic look, or customer experience, and everything, right? And this is how the entire industry thinks.
Uh, and generally, product managers are considered to be as a non-tech kind of a person.
But nowadays, there is a trend inside the industry that I'm looking for a product manager who understands my customer, who understands my business, who can build up features by understanding customers and a market and a competitor, right?
Correct. Yes.
And who can really develop things? Because, see, everyone is using AI to even to generate a code. Maybe good or bad, that's a different, like, discussion, by the way, right? But still, we are using AI to create the MVPs or POCs kind of a things, or even to develop a new feature, or even to write a production-grade code.
Not 100%, I would say, but still 30-40%, we are using it. Even in Iran, we are using it. That's the platform that you are able to see, right?
Yes, yes, so… Yeah.
So we are able to build this platform in just 10 months of time, record 10 months of time, and very limited team member.
Correct, correct.
Right? A very limited… and even before you have seen the Iron Knight. So, we have taken almost, like, a 3 year of time to build that ecosystem.
So, before the iNeuron, you know, like, I was also taking the big data course from you.
And there was no dashboard even, right? At that point of a time, I mean?
Yes, yes, true, true.
Exactly. So, that… there was a tough… there was a time, so when we have seen, and again, we all have seen, not just IE, so we have seen that things was taking time to build it, and now this Euron ecosystem is even way complex than the previous one, but still in a almost 1 by 4th.
Time, we are able to build it, right? All thanks to AI, right? All thanks to AI.
Got it.
Ai is a reality no one is expecting you to just be a product manager.
Right? So, people are expecting you that you should have a hands-on, you understand a complete infra path, you understand the system, you understand a customer, and that kind of a person, right? That kind of a person will be able to go very, very long into industry.
If you are not that kind of a person, then obviously there is a threat, and I believe we have observed that, right? A layoff that is going around us.
Right, so we all are aware about the news, so there is nothing hidden, by the way.
Yes, correct.
Right. So I'll recommend that, uh, try to be that person who can, like, single-handedly.
Yeah, yeah.
Build something on their own, and that person will never be relevant, doesn't matter how advanced AI will be… will become.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Sure, sure. Thank you. So, I mean, are you suggesting that going into more technical? Because, uh, whatever you've mentioned, like the infra part, customer segment, yeah.
As… yeah. As… Yes, as your experience is increasing, right?
Feature development, hands-on and on. Yeah, sorry. Yeah, yeah.
I will always recommend, and nowadays I'm recommending to everyone, that try to become a person who can handle.
Everything on their own. Simple. Whether it's a tech, whether it's a non-tech, I'm talking about both.
Yes. True.
Now, and it's not that tough, see, you have experience already, so you have already seen a lot. It's not like you are new to a market, or you don't have experience, you have never seen the product, you have already seen a lot, right? So you just have to add a little, little things on top of each and every one.
Simple, yeah? Yep, thanks, thanks to Kirk. Yeah, Pallavi, please go ahead.
Hello, ma'am. Yeah, please go ahead, ma'am.
Uh, yeah, hi, Stanzu, uh… So, actually, I have, uh, 10 years of experience, and until a couple of months back, I was thinking that it's too late for me to enter the field of AI.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, but, uh, coincidentally, I got an opportunity to work on a time series use case.
Uh, so basically, what we are doing, like, we are, uh, fetching the Grafana, uh.
Mm-hmm.
Data, and we are trying to do the forecasting. So, I got some internal trainings, and also I did some course from Udemy and YouTube as well.
So, uh, I'm learning and implementing as well. So now, I was thinking that, uh, is it the right time to go, or am I too late to go into this, or… How should I proceed? I'm…
10-year is not a late, ma'am, so we have our batch mates who is having, like, a 70 year, and he's willing to put up time and effort.
Right? It's not… 10 years is very early, like, it's just one decade, right?
Okay.
There's nothing. So you have a time when, like, a complete runway to explore anything, and I think you should do it.
So, my use case is, like, to forecast the CPU usage amount, and if it exceeds by 90%, then we have to.
Hmm.
Generate some alert, and inform the users. So, uh, so right now, I'm just using simple autoregression and, uh, ARIMA model, as well as some profit model as well.
Uh, so, can it be also implemented later on using Gen AI, or should I stick to machine learning only?
Um, uh, I think… I don't think that it's a correct approach even now. Maybe, like, you are spinning a new machine, or maybe you are generating an alert based on the conjunction.
Um, it's not even a machine learning problem. I mean, like, it's unnecessary to use or, like, uh… do this kind of engineering, it can be done even with the help of, uh, like, uh, rule-based.
Uh, and, uh, again, if I'll talk about the LLNs. So, yes, just feed your entire log to LLMs, and then, uh, like, generate triggers.
With the help of LLMs, it can be done. You don't have to train any models.
Okay, thanks.
Right? But even… I have seen this kind of a system. Even we are using it, and I keep on getting alerts a lot of times when my, uh, like, system.
Goes for the full load traffic, or when my system goes for a full load of API request, right? And even we are doing it, and every company does that.
We are using a very simple approach.
So, the model approach is not relevant over here. What you're suggesting, and…
Yeah, this is what I say. Even, like, 5 years back, it was not relevant. Much relevant. Unless and until you are trying to find out some regular anomalies based on the past event. Let's suppose.
See, there are, like, a different problem statement, right? One problem statement is that, that I have to just generate an alert. So when a machine reaches with this capacity, right?
Now, in that case, I don't think that model approach is required. Second one… second problem statement could be that, okay, I have to detect the anomaly.
Right? I have to detect some sort of an anomaly based on a previous event which has already happened, and it's a, uh, like, a highly sensitive system, which I'm dealing with.
Then I can understand that there should be a model-driven approach, right, which can eventually be now converted into a LLM.
Okay, and also the second use case was, like, uh, in future, if, uh, like, in near future, if, uh.
Uh, the, uh, usage increased more than 90%, then, uh, it should recommend the user for, uh, increasing their, uh.
Cpu size, so…
B never recommended. We auto-spin the CPUs. Who recommend? You are going to send a message to the user, user, uh, let's suppose there is a 12 o'clock night, user is sleeping, or whoever is someone, some human wing will be taking care of, like, that system, right? You're sending the alert.
Uh, so they will wake up, and then they will, like, click, and then they will spin the machine. We don't do that.
That's the reason, so, in every cloud platform, whenever you will deploy, there is the auto-skilling feature, just switch it on.
Uh, I…
Simple. And then you can set up the machine that, okay, fine, so on this capacity, so basically this machine should autospin and go to this capacity. And every cloud platform is providing you that.
Actually, there is a dedicated solution design team who just, uh, approves these kind of requests, uh, whoever, uh, I mean, requests come to increase the CPU size.
So, and it is a very long process, like, it almost takes a month.
Are we still doing it, such kind of things?
Of time, too. Uh, yeah, it is being done in, uh… Uh, I'm… So that's why, uh, um…
Uh, I assume it should be replaced. Most of the players, I believe. If I'm the, like, one who's handling things, I would have replaced it, like, a couple of years back. If still we are doing that, if we are dealing with such system.
So there is a dedicated architecture team who, uh, I mean, reads all the Grafana readings, and then.
I… I don't think that, uh… It should happen in their… they're burning money.
Technically, this is what my take is. If the situation that you are trying to explain, and the situation which I'm able to understand, again, see, there could be a different scenario, XYZ, so, uh, like, uh, then maybe that is possible, and that is even valid.
But the situation that you are trying to explain it to me, and the way I'm able to pursue it.
I think that teams should not, like, exist.
Okay, but that can be automated using the approach that I am doing.
My entire world has automated already. The entire world has already done that, right? Not just one or two people, entire world has done that.
Okay. Okay.
If the situation is same, right, because depends, right? So, whatever you are trying to explain, maybe I'm not able to understand that part.
Right? So I can't comment, but yeah, if this is the exact situation.
Then it's not.
Um, from, like, investment bank, and they are, like, way behind using the AI, uh, still.
What I think.
Yes. They are, like, way behind. I think you should switch the organization then.
Okay. Uh, and also, I mean, my second question is, uh.
Like, uh, with 10 years of experience, apart from this course, what else should I focus on?
Nothing then, just first focus on this one, right? If, like, I'm giving you a coursework and I'm giving you challenges, just do it.
Oh, okay, thank you, thank you so much for your time.
That's fine. Yeah? Yeah, yeah, yeah, thanks.
Okay, next one, Briggang Gupta. Yeah, I believe it.
Hello, hello, sir? Sir, I would like to know, like, how this course will help me, uh, from a testing background.
It will… it will… it will, it will help you out to become a genetic engineer.
Coming from a… Okay, sir.
Yeah. Okay, Anil, please go ahead.
Yeah, hi. Lizzo?
Hi, Sidansha, good afternoon. Uh, it's nice talking to you. See, there are a few questions which are already answered, and uh… One is, like, this is a Saturday-Sunday class, right?
Okay, mm-hmm. This is our resident class, yeah, yeah. Already, I have mentioned, so everything is mentioned here.
Uh, that it's a Saturday, Sunday, and timing is also given.
Okay. So, like, I mean, uh… to get more interest and to practice more on this, like, you will give the assignments, right? Like, uh… I mean, I don't know.
Not just assignment, I don't believe in, like, much of assignment. I'll give a challenge, basically.
Yeah.
Okay, yeah, fine, whatever. And another question is, like, having, like, a 15-plus experience in the, um, like.
Like, everybody have, like, a few or worked on the development, fewer worked on the automation, fewer worked on this, uh, manager, I liked it.
Mm-hmm.
So, like, which is the right to approach, like, because as AI comes to, like, last one, two years, it becomes very popular.
So, like, every… most of the companies, uh, request human. Team to, like, switch to a… like, like, how to.
Mm-hmm.
Move further, like, which, like, based on the past experience, which is the right position.
Like, if you can guide, like… Okay, sure.
So, like, just, just, yeah, just, just be with me for next 2-3 months, right? Believe me, you will be able to figure it out.
Because, see, initially when we start, right, so obviously, it's a human nature that we will be in a dilemma.
Okay.
That how this is going to happen, that is going to happen. That's pretty much obvious, I feel. And every time I see the same thing, right, since last year.
So, just be with me for a couple of months. I believe, uh, uh, we will try to figure it out, uh.
Out of our discussion, very soon. Yeah.
It's required, sir. I think it's required. It's pretty much required for every one of us.
Okay, yeah, as requested, just, uh, I'm trying to upgrade, uh, to the…
Yeah, so, like, we can access multiple things.
Right? Exactly, exactly. If you are not upgrading it, then, uh, again, we have… we are, like, looking at the situation in industry, right? So, how things are moving, basically.
So, I think it's a need of an hour, and we can't escape that part.
Yeah, true, true, yeah.
Yep, yep, yep. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, Vedant, please go ahead.
Yes, Yavedant, please go ahead, yeah, with your question.
So I do, but never… Uh, let's see… Hello, sir, I am a fourth-year student in computer science at security.
Uh, I was basically working on a project which was an AI code review assistant.
Mm-hmm.
Hmm, hmm, hmm.
Which included GitHub MCP. Uh, the GitHub MCP has a tool which lets you access your private repository.
Hmm.
So, can you please talk a little about AI security? Because technologies like MCP are vulnerable to cyber attacks.
See, uh, MCP is still in a very, very, I would say, initial stage, right? And obviously, if you are trying to give an… because, see, MCPs, at the end of the day, you're trying to create the small interface, and by which you are giving an access to XYZ system, right? So maybe you're, like, a closed secured system, but yes, MCP will be able to access it automatically based on the chat and based on the prompt, if user is going to hit.
So, still, I will say that, uh. We should wait, we should wait for a better framework, uh, which will… which people are developing. So, obviously, in the next 6 or 8 months, we'll be having a better and better look, uh, robust security layer on top of it.
And, uh, I believe if you follow the news, we all are getting that news, right? We are adding a heavy layer of our security around it.
So, I believe in a year of time, it will be more secured. As of now, uh, we should not, like, just give an access to, uh, whatever code that we are writing.
Eventually, MZP. At least, like, don't, don't, like, use it in a production.
So, I also have this…
Uh, at least I'll recommend it that, as of now, don't use it in a production too frequently, unless and until it's not well tested.
By a security expert. Mm-hmm.
Uh, okay, okay. Sir, uh, I have one more question. Uh, so as I am a fourth-year student, companies have started visiting my college for on-campus placements.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, one company visited. Uh, it was airing for AI engineer and was giving a very good package.
But they were asking hard DSA questions in their online assessment.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, but I haven't done a lot of this, so I want to ask you that, how should I get a fresher job as an AI engineer?
Uh, see, try to apply from outside. See, I have seen that many companies, right? Many companies, doesn't matter, uh, for what profile they are hiring, but yes, they try to create a benchmark by asking a DSA question in a.
First couple of rounds, and that's pretty much true. For a product-based company, where they are trying to, like, uh, test your logical thinking or approach to a problem solving, all those things, which is, again, a valid approach, but if you are moving in a world of a startup, and.
Mncs, I don't think that they will ask any kind of a DSA question. They will stick to your core profile, which is a data science, or maybe generative AI, right? So start applying in those companies, and if your college is calling those kind of companies, then it's well and good.
Yeah? Otherwise, from outside, you just apply it. All the options are available.
Okay, so… Thank you.
Yeah, yeah, we don't. Okay, Rajias, please go ahead.
Yeah, Rajesh? Uh, Arman, please go ahead.
Yeah, Raji, please go ahead. Right.
Hello? So, first of all, thank you so much for today's class. So, this is the first time I have attended your lecture.
Okay, thank you.
And I really like the Euron ecosystem that you showcased in the first half of the session, which includes the UV API, ReconI builder, and Promodoro Focus app, and others.
Thank you.
Um, so, uh, with respect to the force, I just have a few questions based upon my experience. So, my current role, uh, like, involves me to… and to actually architect the entire ecosystem.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, related to the GenA applications, and which also involves a productionizing the POCs also that the team is currently doing.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
So, my focus is how much you will be covering on scaling the application versus scaling the entire data processing pipelines.
And how much you will be deep diving into the low-level design and high-level design, and, like, how to basically containerizing the applications and.
How to, uh, structure the entire API framework. So, when I'm saying API framework, like, there are multiple ways by which we can, uh, actually schedule it, either by using the synchronous.
How much, uh, focus you will be, uh, like, putting around these points.
See, there are a lot of, like, things that you have asked all together in terms of scaling, hosting, and inferencing, and then, like, uh, latency, and many things, right? I'll simply say one thing over here, that, uh, when, by the time we will come over here.
Right. By the time we will come over here, at least in a budget session, and especially this project, we will end up building something which you are using even now.
And that, too, on a scale. And that will answer all your.
Mm-hmm, okay.
I believe. This is a real project product. In a real time, people are using it, right? That to be the multiple heavy and smaller big model inferencing, with a lot of, like, latex operation, which goes on when you are trying to, like, chat with this kind of a system.
And this kind of a system, we will be doing in our live class.
Okay, okay, good.
And that will answer all your questions, right? Whatever you have asked, basically, because everything was around the end product development.
Yeah, yeah. Okay, fine.
And this is what we are going to do. Okay? Yeah, so that might answer to your question. Yeah, thank you.
So, Buskar, please go ahead, uh, with your question. Yeah, Poscaro?
Aramadan? Arman was asking also a question, right? Yeah, Mukesh… Yeah, yeah, Puska, please go ahead.
Uh, hello, sir. Pushka here. So, my question is simple, that's, is it possible to have tailored on all AI systems and use cases come?
Sorry, Puskar, your voice was breaking, what was your question? Can we just repeat once again?
But we didn't report off very nice.
Yeah, it's audible, yes, yes.
So, is it audible now? Okay, sir, my question is that, uh, is it possible to have clarity on the whole AI system design, uh, that particularly system design in any use cases come regarding any project?
It is… it is… it is possible, it is possible. I'm planning to bring some sort of a, like, uh, courses even around that. So, I'm just struggling with my bandwidth, uh, so I have a limited time, but yeah, so I'm planning to bring some sort of, uh, courses.
Just across our AI system design, that how do we, like, create or orchestrate the entire system for our AI? How does that work? And that, too, case-wise case basis, because every system, like, uh.
Can't follow the one single rule to design it. I'm planning it, uh, let's see, so how soon I can bring it.
Okay, let's… thank you. Yes, yes. Great.
Yeah. Still… but yeah, it's a part of my plan. So… Yeah. Oh, yeah, so Arman Mukesh, anyone, please go ahead.
Yeah, please go ahead.
Yeah, hi, Mukesh, this side. Yeah, so just now I have enrolled, uh, for this course, uh, basically for, uh, one year, and, uh, I saw your status, and then I just… But I missed, like, what are the, uh, 2 hours you have taken, uh, sessions today.
Okay. Okay, okay.
Yeah, and uh… to be frank, like, I'm, uh, I'm, like, working in a banking, uh, uh.
Sector, uh, private bank, and, uh, for, like, reliege management I am working for.
Mm-hmm.
And uh… and they are… they have a different segment, say, uh, AI, uh, like, you know, they're whole gentiles, but, uh.
To be on that, uh, team, uh, I need to learn that AI and, uh, gen AI, basically.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
So, uh, this is the good, uh, uh, like, course for me, or any other course you can recommend.
Mmm… I'll not recommend anything, especially time. Like, spend time on this one, and obviously with me, and with everyone inside your group, right?
Okay.
If you're, like, trying to explore Gen AI, then, like, it's more than enough for now. Don't go anywhere, like, don't try to explore anything.
On a platform even, right? Just be with me for 2-3 months, uh, then you will be comfortable.
Okay. Okay. Any specific things? Because, uh, I am having, like, a big bucket, uh, like, generally, uh, big data.
Things I have explored, and I'm working in that section whenever we are doing the deployment.
Cdi, CD, uh, Jen Keynes, and all. So, is that, like, any other.
Things we need to learn, or is that…
No, no, no, I think you know more than enough, I would say, because you are coming from, like, a tech background, right? And that pure tech background, so… Uh, I don't think so. And you are not even going to face much of issues, basically, with respect to understanding this one.
Okay. Understood. And one last question, uh, to the, uh, uh, like, uh, be in the industry for 10 to 15 years.
Mm-hmm.
What is a good, uh, things to learn? Like, uh, be the technical or, like, uh, any strategic.
Planning, uh, or, like, what are the…
Well, I would say… I would say, uh, 15 years or so, uh, it requires now everything. So everything means starting from a solution designing, from a client engagement.
Team and management, delivering a product to keep on generating a new demand, eventually, like, generating a revenue for a company. It requires everything now.
So, the complete, like, uh, I would say, product owner. Basically. So, who is responsible for tech delivery, connecting with the clients, or maybe to your stakeholders, and developing a new feature, shipping… those features as soon as possible with the speed of AI, obviously. So, that is, uh, like, required.
Yep. Uh, yes, Alta, please go ahead.
Yeah, I do. Uh, Arman, Ridesh? Anyone? Anyone can go ahead now. I think we have, like, a… Yes, yes, you are able, yeah.
Yes.
Yes, sir, am I audible? Yes, sir. So, good afternoon, Seven, everyone, and thank you.
For giving me this opportunity. So, my question is that… Like, in intensive quota, they are most of internship.
Project where I have to knowledge of web development. And in my college also.
Do a vibe coding. Simple. Use a cursor, or maybe, uh, like, uh, Windsorf, and… put all those requirements, all those tabs, it will build it for you. Simple.
Okay, that… it is my… my question, like, thank you so much.
Yeah, thanks. Yeah, it is, go ahead.
Uh, so… good afternoon, sir. Uh, so, sir, I am Frazier.
Government is, yeah? Mm-hmm.
So, I have learned, like, machine learning, deep learning. Currently, I'm going through Gen AI.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
So, most of the companies in my college are, like, uh, they're asking for software developers.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
And, uh, companies are, uh, coming with data science role. They are, like, expecting, like, an internship experience.
That is, I don't have… Cool. Uh, I'm learning about, uh, right now, Gen AI.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So, DNA is also expecting, like, 2 or 3 years experience.
So, what I have to do?
No, not like, not like that. So there are companies, there are companies, basically, who is… who is offering you, like, a… opportunities. So, it's not like that. Again, so, see, the thing is that everything will not be available with every company, but I'm not saying that there is no company which is not offering opportunities refresher. I have seen that, right? Every day, I'm getting a news and message from my student, and they have got players, they have got placed here, they have got placed here.
So, it's… there, you have to hunt.
Uh, so my question is, like, can you guide me as a facer what I have to do?
Because I have learned MLDL statistically.
As of now, as of now, as of now, nothing, join a class on every Saturday to Sunday, 9am IST. Sit with me for 4-5 hours, right?
On Saturday and Sunday. This sort of… this should be a routine for next two months, at least.
Sure. Sure, that's true.
Then you will get used to it, and then you will do it, yeah? So just, just do that. Minimalistic. Always, always go with the minimalistic. When you're not able to understand anything in your life, right?
I'm not just talking about the course. I'm talking about the life. When you're not able to understand anything in your life.
Listen.
Go minimalistic.
Uh, but sir, my… one of my friend is, uh… is working at, like, JNI role in… amongst the robotics company.
He's saying that, like, data science is, like, uh. Whilst, uh, having watched syllabus. So, you know, to shift to JNI.
Not at all, not at all. So, you will find some friends who will give you wrong advices, and that is normal in the world.
Yeah, thanks, thanks. Fingers.
Don't… you should not listen to all of your friends. Yeah, thank you, yeah.
Okay, so next one, M will, uh, you can go ahead with that. Manmeet, any, anyone, go ahead, guys.
Yeah. Go ahead, go ahead, anyone, go ahead, yeah, hi, hi, Manavit. Manamit, yes, Manamit, please go ahead.
Hi, sir.
Yeah, so… actually, I'm… Power BI developer, so I am having, uh, 5 years of experience in this field.
So now I'm looking for data science, uh, as a career, like, to move.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
So, will Gen AI or any other course in this data science.
Which course will be relevant for me, uh, as a Power BI developer?
So, you are trying to run just a Power BI? Like, you are trying to upgrade, right?
Yeah, I'm trying to upgrade and want to…
Then this one, this one. As of now, this one. See, I have, like, a lot of courses on my dashboard.
Uh, but yeah, so, uh, as a first-time learner, I'll not suggest you.
Let's join this one. Yep. Yeah, yeah.
Okay, okay, thanks, thank you.
Uh, Emil, please go ahead. Hey, hey, hey.
Hi, Sudanship. So, my question is.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, basically, like, whatever the ML models or the probability distributions and all this stuff, whatever we have learned earlier.
So, do you feel that there will be a necessity of those concepts in the current gene? Like, if I'm trying to achieve something in Gen AI.
Okay, okay, uh-huh. Mm-hmm.
Agent decay or MCP. So… Integrating in these things, do I fit those pieces in this.
Part, I just want to.
Okay, so I'll try to give you an answer in a little different way, because I keep on getting this kind of a question that, uh, do I have to explore statistics? Do I have to explore, uh, old, uh, probability-based model, or, like, an old neural network concept, all of these things, because now LLMs are able to do everything, right?
See, we are able to build a space station. Right? Iss specification is there, International Space Station, 9. Obviously, it works on a law of physics.
Right? And still, when we start learning of physics from a childhood, so we try to explore it from a very, very basic, although we have built such kind of a system, we have built a, uh, like a.
A lot of big, big infrastructure, but still, we try to start learning from the basic.
Right? Technically, we as a human being, so when we grow up, so we first of all try to learn A, B, C, D, then we try to learn our words, and then eventually, uh, sentences, and then with the experience.
So we are able to communicate, we are able to talk.
So, basic was relevant. Even mathematics, right? So, we always start from addition. 1 plus 1, right? And then we do all complex calculation, like exponential or even logarithmic, or maybe a differential, integration kind of a thing.
So, see, as a human being, it doesn't matter how good the machines are, or maybe, like, uh… what system does exist in this entire world.
I will always suggest that start from a base. A basic, I would say, because this is not the end of the world. The kind of AI that you are able to see, the kind of a system that you are able to see, someone has built it, right? After having a basic knowledge, coming from the same background, coming from the same ABCD, right? And the AI that you will be able to see, the world that you will be able to see after 5 years, it will be way more advanced than that, but again, built on the same thing.
Simbiz, right? And even after 100 years, as a human race, if we are going to imagine, so obviously, it will be built on our basic building blocks itself.
Right? And that… the next advancement. So… If you are trying to build some wrapper, or maybe you are working just as a developer, if you're thinking short-term.
Then, learn the technology, learn the framework. Get into a job. But if you're thinking long-term, right.
Always start from the basic, a rock bottom. That is my take on this one, right? Because this is how the entire world has evolved. We still learn a basic principle of the lights, right? We still learn a neutral law, basically, all three laws.
We still try to discuss about the Archimity principle of buoyancy.
Yeah.
Right? So, basic is relevant, it will be relevant, even for me, even for my kids, even for my next to next generation, right? And, uh, doesn't matter, like, LLMs are able to solve the problems, or it is able to, like, uh.
Uh, do her things for me. Doesn't mean that my… those probabilistic model and the machine learning and the deep learning models are irrelevant. No, because next phase, if someone is building, someone is developing, you have to go through the same route.
Otherwise, you will not be able to build the advanced AI.
Right? It is… but again, but again, yeah, it depends upon the person-to-person.
Okay. Yeah, yeah. So, my…
What is your objective in your life? So, if your objective is to get a job, build a product, then again, I don't say that go and explore machine learning and statistics.
Not required. Right. But yeah, if you're thinking something long-term, 10-year, 20-year.
Then, yes. Yeah, now go ahead with the question. Next one.
So, my query is, uh, actually, it's interrelated to that question. Why I asked you that question is because.
Mm-hmm.
So, one of my friends, who is from a non-technical background, he's completely new to the complete machine learning, or all the AI components.
So, he asked me a suggestion, like, should I learn? Like, seeing the complete, uh, structure, like, basics from the max, stats, and seeing everything.
Mm-hmm. Hmm, hmm.
He felt that, okay, this is very big, this is very huge, I can't go through all these things. Uh, at the moment.
So, he asked me, do I need to go through all these things?
Hmm.
Simple. So, your next question should be that what is your objective?
I have to study all these things.
His objective is getting into an IT background with AI, that's it.
Then it's not required, right? Then it's not required because just go ahead, learn some framework, right? Maybe, like, an kind of a framework, which is, again, a no-code kind of framework, and there is a job for that.
Right? That's the reason I simply said that. You should be clear with your objective. See, developers are not going to go through the same curriculum which actual scientist and researchers will go through.
Eh, take it.
And I think we all agree on that, right? Yeah? A person who is doing a… a person who is doing a PhD, obviously, they go through a different path. A person who come into a development industry or IT industry, right, on every level of job, they follow the different path.
Right. So, simple thing is that what you want from yourself in next one year, then 5 year, and then in next 20 years.
So I can refer him this… this course, right? I can refer it. He can… is, since being a non-technical person.
That's it. And accordingly, you can learn that thing. Hmm. Exactly, exactly, exactly. So, if… Yeah, so if you have… if your goal is to, like, just get into an industry, obviously, go ahead, join it, and build something, and then get, you know, industry.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thanks. Yeah, Siddharth, please go ahead with your question.
Yeah. Yeah, hi, Sudangshu. So, I first enrolled with you around 5 years back for the data science course.
Yeah.
So, I… yeah. So, I learned many algorithms at that time, like FastRCNN, and.
Convoluted CNN, NLP, BART transformer, etc. But because of fate, I became a data engineer, AU data engineer.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
So, last 3, 4 years, I am working in that profile. Now, since I have enrolled with you, I am trying to revise those algorithms.
Mm-hmm.
And try to remember. So, is it, uh, revision of or means remembering those algorithms and logics?
Compulsory for this, and also, when I was learning, doing the other course previously, I could not get into data science profile because.
Since I was already working, many companies asked me for hands-on experience in projects.
Hmm, hmm.
So, uh, so they did not… when I… in that first call only, they will ask me in the office project, have you worked or not?
Hmm, hmm. Hmm, okay.
So, and I did not lie, I said that I have academic experience, so there only they used to reject me.
So, but seeing in my office, I got a Databricks and Data Engineer role, so I could become a data engineer.
Hmm, hmm.
And so, my question is currently, also, I'm working as a data engineer, so if this ex… These projects become more or less like an academic experience.
Okay.
No, not at all. At least not for this badge. So, the project that I have mentioned, so it will not work like an academic one, it will work like a complete end-to-end, uh.
Like, a industry-grade one. At least the first project.
Second, third, and fourth, it will be small, but yeah, first one.
Okay, so I can…
Yeah, yeah, thank you. Okay, Rani Atna, please go ahead, ma'am.
Okay, so that's truth.
Hello, ma'am. Yeah, please go ahead.
I'm a particular person. I am working in the industry for 15 years in procurement and supply chain, and then I moved into consulting, and now I'm into tech research.
Mm-hmm.
So, because of all these ChatGPT perplexity and all, uh, consulting and research roles are really in danger. So I thought of, uh, upgrading myself, but then… I'm totally a non-technical person, haven't done any programming ever.
So, uh, what…
It will… it will take one month of time, at minimum. Again, depends upon your schedule and the kind of effort you are going to put up.
To learn not in depth of programming, but a basic one. And I think you should do that. So that, going forward, you will be comfortable, because believe me, when we were writing a code and doing a project.
Uh, at that point of a time, uh, you will feel a little bit of, like, a hiccups and pain. So, it's… you have a time? Spend some time with the programming, uh, lectures are already available, everything is already available.
And, uh, you should, you should do some practice.
Yes, ma'am. Any other question? Hello?
Mm-hmm.
My colleagues, they are moving into AI forum management roles. So, the idea of doing this, uh, course also is that, that even if I go into AI product management kind of rooms, if I try for that.
As you know, a district to somebody else also, we should know.
Mm-hmm.
Things… if we want to be in the industry for a long time, then we should know things end-to-end, and we should be able to build things.
By ourselves. That's why, even if we try to get into AI product management, I should know the complete.
For the stack development around also.
Product managers, project managers is, like, uh, their job is, uh, like, uh, literally… under a lot of scrutiny in many companies.
Uh, so, uh, I would say try to become a techno-functional product manager. I think that'll be much better.
Means you should have… you should know the technology.
He scores it, and then even further in your next courses and all will help me, right?
Only this one, ma'am. As of now, just do one. See, I'll keep on bringing hundreds of courses, but yeah, as of now, only one. Just go with this.
Yep. Okay, so Vinas, anyone can go ahead, Sneha, Vinas, Vikas, Nagandra, Krishna Pratap.
Arman, yeah. Go ahead. Hi, Nagindra, hello.
Hi, Solutions. Uh, could you please mention again, uh, what is the… requirement of PC.
Oh, sorry, what is the requirement of? Okay, PC, uh, system, right?
Oh, she's a gunfire.
Any… I think any IN system will work, uh, so, uh, any… let me open up my Amazon account. Uh, maybe I can… search something for you. And again, this is not a last recommendation, you can go with any of, like, of your choice.
So, laptop, uh… Laptop i9. So, sorry, IE, I have to type, right?
Laptop i9. So, you can go with any, like, later generation, so not the older generation, because that will choke.
And again, so, uh, maybe you can go ahead with the ASUS version, that's completely fine. Uh, you can go with the Lenovo one, but yeah, don't go with too much of an expensive, like, one.
I believe this ASUS is going to work. And, uh, again, there is a system from our RTX… Which I was using. So, Asus MSI, yeah. So, go with MSI. Msi is also a very good brand, and it's a gaming laptop, gaming, uh, why I'm saying gaming.
So, because it will be having more, like, a power and robustness. For rough and tough use. So, and it will not cost you much. So maybe you can go ahead with Asus, this one. So, inan processor, that's fine. 16gb RAM.
So RAM should be a bit more… 8GB into 2 slot, fine, 1TB of hard disk.
Uh, NVIDIA for T60, they are giving you, yeah. So, for T60, this one is fine. This one is not fine, it seems.
They are not giving you a GPU, it's not be an integrated one. Yeah. So go with a little bit of GPU.
Uh, so I believe this one is better. Msi is also… I have been using MSI laptops since a very, very long time, so… I like it, I like this brand, and uh… yeah, so their configuration, their speed, and everything is fine. At least for next one and a half year, one, one and a half year, even with the rough and tough use.
It will not give you a problem. After one and a half year or two year.
Doesn't matter what laptop you're going to buy, it'll give you a column.
So I hope it's clear, right, with respect to system. Yeah, I can do that, right? To someone's… Yeah. Okay, so Arman, anyone, go ahead, guys.
Yeah, yeah, thank you.
So, Sunniharman, yeah, please go ahead. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello, sir. Hello, sir. So, I'm a fresher, and I have skills in data and domain, and I'm… Seeking for a job in data and domain.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
I use a job portal also, I use LinkedIn, Nokra.com. But not getting shortlisted, sir.
Mm-hmm.
I'm from Pune University with CGPA 9.09 or so, and… I have the case kids also. But I… there is shortlisting issue, so how can I get a job? And now I am a…
Oh, first of all, work on your resume, eh? Try to align your resume, and then only shortlisting happens, because anyhow, system is doing shortlisting, right? Ats system.
So, first of all, you have to put up the relevant things into a resume, and then, uh, apply more and more for our startup.
They will give you more opportunity, as a fresher.
And, uh, as a… as I am now, Janet is now learning… There is data for freshers opportunity, because I saw the… on LinkedIn.
Yeah, there are… no, no, it's not like that. So, there are… there are so many opportunities. See, LinkedIn is not the only platform, right?
Go to Nagri, go to Monster, go to Hi-Rest. There are so many other platforms, right? Apply… apply on a startup website itself.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.
Yep. Yep, thanks. Yeah. Kristen Pratap, Silvar, Sneha, Vikas, anyone? Yeah, please go ahead.
Hello, Sudancio. Yeah, so even I am associated with Shenzai and Euron, uh, was not able to transition to data science.
Thanks for this. So, I just wanted to know your view on the no-code tools like NA, then, you know, should we consider those, uh.
Uh-huh.
Uh, while building our, uh, application building with code, uh, in some cases, or… Because it gives you quick implementation and results.
See, they'll… Yeah, see, there are two things, right, over here. So, let's suppose, uh, I'm trying to automate my task.
And, uh, obviously, if init can do it, because init n can't do the… everything, right? That's also true.
Uh, but yeah, it's a very good one, powerful one. Uh, you can, like, do it without writing a code. So, let's suppose if I'm trying to automate my own task. Yes, I can use init… n or such kind of a system, but let's suppose if I'm trying to build a product for my company or my client.
Right? And, uh, which they are going to sell, or they are going to scale, or something like that. So, in that case, I have to go from a scratch development.
Yeah? The sky's the limit. For example, let's suppose your client is a healthcare client, or maybe a finance client, and your client is asking you that, okay.
So try to fine-tune a model for me, and that model should be fine-tuned on my proprietary dataset. It should go in my hosting platform, so maybe they're using a bare metal or their own server, or maybe their cloud server, right? It should go over there, it should be able to solve this customer problem, that customer problem.
Now, over the init and will not work. Very simple, right? Nowhere you can use… nowhere close, you will be able to use NA10. So, N810 is not a solution of the entire world, otherwise NN would have become the… everything of the world, right? So…
We can automate a lot of tasks, right? But again, that depends what problem I'm trying to solve.
Right? One platform is not going to be a solution for everything.
That's my answer.
Yeah, but, I mean, like, building on some specific cases, which gives you quick results, rather than… not everything, but something we can… Yeah.
Obviously, it's true. Yeah, no, no, no, obviously, see, I'm not saying that you should not use it.
If it is solving your problem, right? You should immediately use it.
Okay, yeah.
And it's a beautiful platform, obviously. They have built a very good platform. They have, like, created almost every kind of our plugins, right? And drag and drop, like, build it very quickly and very easily. So, you should use it, but like I said, client example I have given to you, so in that case, it will not work.
Yep, thanks. Okay, so Vinas Krishna Prattap, Silva Sneha, yeah, please, anyone?
Is different from the general process automation. Actually, it's not different, it's actually, like, intelligent process automation.
With the help of LLMs. Okay, so if there is no question for me, so hope, guys, all of you have liked, uh, today's session.
Uh, there is no question for me, right? Okay, I have covered everything.
So, hope all of you have lied it, all of you have loved it. So, from tomorrow onwards, we are going to start our syllabus.
And, uh, where I will be, like, uh… Uh, let me mute all, okay.
So, allow participant… Fine. So, from tomorrow onwards, guys, not like love at all. Okay, yeah, thank you so much.
So, uh, hope all of you are going to love it. Just one single advice to all of you, that try to… become a little bit disciplined person for next 2-3 months.
Believe me, it is going to help you out. Uh, you don't have to do a lot of things in your life, you don't have to go and explore a lot of things in a life.
At least once at a time, you should do it, which we are going to do it together in next two to three months.
I'm always here in your group and inside a class. To help you out, but at the end of the day, it's your life.
At the end of the day, it's your journey. I'm just a mentor who will be with you for a couple of months, just for this batch. Obviously, I'll be there for other batches, and all of you can join it, because with the Iran Plus, you can access all the badges, but yeah.
So, for these batches, I will be with you for a couple of months, try to leverage it as much as possible in a group. I will be available anyhow for the infinite time.
But you have to put up a real effort, without any kind of excuse.
Then only you will be able to get a success. Right? And that is the only thing which matters. If you are going to become a lazy person, if you're going to procrastinate.
Your result will show you the similar kind of a trend.
So, just advice. Try to work as much as possible, go fast, like, don't go slow, go fast, as fast as possible.
And, uh, let's try to make a transition in next 4 to 5 months at max.
Because, uh, when you do a transition, as you have seen, many people have done the transition, and everyday people are doing it.
Then only I count myself. Or I think myself as a successful person, because as a mentor.
It's not just my job to, like, deliver the… come here and deliver the lecture. No. That's one of… part of my job.
But at the end of the day, if my students are going to make a transition.
That makes me really, really happy. Anyhow, you are going to work, it's your hard work, I do agree, right?
But I'll take a little bit of credit out of it. Maybe you will give it to me.
Uh, but yeah, at the end of the day, we all are here to achieve a particular goal, so let's try to achieve it together.
And for that, there is no shortcut. There is no overnight things which is going to happen with me or with any one of you.
It's going to take a pure, pure, pure hard work. And I believe all of you are willing to put that effort.
But that, uh, thank you so much, everyone. From tomorrow, I'm going to start a real class, technically your syllabus, I'm going to start. Right.
Uh, so… and as we will… so initially, I'll go slow, don't worry, I'll go slow initially, and I'll try to discuss everything from the scratch.
And then, as we will be, you know, mid of the journey, we'll try to pick up their speed.
From there. So, any meetups are… not now. As of now, I have not planned Sarek, so… Sir, I asked one question already. Okay, then it's great. Okay, so fine, guys, thank you so much, take care. Now, whatever question you have, put me, uh, put it inside a group, so we all, we are already in a group, right?
Uh, so I'll try to answer over there. So with that, can you give a status on a live coding?
Uh, status is not required, we'll do it in a class.
Yeah, live coding. Could you please share the WhatsApp group link? Uh, Kesha, you will be able to find a WhatsApp group link inside a dashboard. So just go inside the dashboard, you will be able to find it.
Yeah, it's already there. And everyone is, like, uh, joining. Do we have a campus investor? Not now.
Not now. So, yeah. Finally, thank you so much, take care, it was a pleasure meeting all of you on a very first day, and we are only now connected on our WhatsApp, so let's connect over there. With that.
Thank you so much. I'll see you again tomorrow, same time, 9 a.m. Ist.
Simple